"of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting."
"The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers..."
"Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!"
"Interview with David Muir of @ABC News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!"
"I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!"
"even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!"
"I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and...."
"Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!"
"If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible ""carnage"" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!"
"Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN - public is smart!"
"Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!"
"Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America."
"Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views."
"Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!"
"Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly."
"Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN!"
"A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!"
"It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!"
"Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!"
"the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for.."
".@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!"
"No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!"
"to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!"
"Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back..."
"Will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!"
"John Lewis said about my inauguration, ""It will be the first one that I've missed."" WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he..."
"country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing ""big stuff."""
"With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our....."
"The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before."
"People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!"
"At 9:00 P.M. @CNN, of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great!"
"Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!"
"much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?"
".@FoxNews ""Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand."" Oh really, couldn't do..."
".@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!"
"about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, &amp; when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE."" Media should also apologize"
"Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, ""That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)..."
"For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!"
"will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!"
"The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number.."
"Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!"
"Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!"
"INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS ""A COMPLETE FRAUD!""  @OANN"
"mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!"
"Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......"
"The ""Unaffordable"" Care Act will soon be history!"
"have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!"
"What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never....."
"released by ""Intelligence"" even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!"
"Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably..."
"It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued...."
"All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!"
".@CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!"
"Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. @LBPerfectMaine"
"James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad!"
"We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on"
"Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to ""leak"" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?"
"I win an election easily, a great ""movement"" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!"
"Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!"
"Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is ""A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE."" Very unfair!"
"FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!"
"Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!"
"It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after..."
"Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never ""mocked"" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him......."
"Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a....."
"Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!"
"Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!"
"Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to @NBCNews. So serious!"
"Kellyanne Conway went to @MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!"
"I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special!"
"Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; star"
"both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!"
"have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and...."
"Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only ""stupid"" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We....."
"Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!"
"Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!"
"Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!"
"being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich &amp; Hillary"
"Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got ""swamped"" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for...."
"Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!"
"and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE"
"Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......"
"The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later!"
"So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?"
"The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......"
"How did NBC get ""an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?"" Who gave them this report and why? Politics!"
"Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax."
"to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against ""Intelligence"" when in fact I am a big fan!"
"The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people...."
"...time for Republicans &amp; Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp; FAR BETTER!"
"...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning.""Keep you doctor, keep your plan!"" It is...."
"The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they.."
"massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!"
"like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web..."
"Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......"
"things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass."
"Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have ""hacking defense"" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......"
"Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow"
"Julian Assange said ""a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta"" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!"
"The ""Intelligence"" briefing on so-called ""Russian hacking"" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!"
"I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you."
"There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield."
"........may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTS"
"With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it"
"The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said ""The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!"" - And, it is lousy healthcare."
"People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it ""CRAZY"""
"General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!"
"China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!"
"North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!"
"I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I."
"Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and....."
"@CNN just released a book called ""Unprecedented"" which explores the 2016 race &amp; victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!"
"Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!"
"Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!"
"Russians are playing @CNN and @NBCNews for such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue! @FoxNews totally gets it!"
"Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!"
"not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!"
"We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but......."
"Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!"
"The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!"
"President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!"
"I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won't report!"
"The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!"
"President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc."
"Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!"
".@FoxNews - ""Objectified"" tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!"
".@NBCNews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: ""until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.""  Dishonest!"
"Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: ""In my opinion, it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity.""  So true!"
"slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back?"
"The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, ""by God's will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will......"
"my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!"
"My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with..."
"The so-called ""A"" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!"
"Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!"
"The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes"
"Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase ""DRAIN THE SWAMP"" was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS."
"I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!"
"I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!"
"I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently"
"Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!"
"Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!"
"especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states"
"Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He ""doesn't know much"" ..."
"We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media)."
"Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!"
"If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned &amp; called terrible names!"
"We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!"
"Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - ""THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH"" Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!"
"Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!"
"Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?"
"The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!"
"Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me ""Person of the Year"" - a great honor!"
"Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @VanityFair Magazine. Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out!"
"The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments."
"Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!"
"I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State."
"I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!"
"Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office."
"Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......"
"I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning."
"The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!"
"The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th."
"Unless you catch ""hackers"" in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?"
"Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!"
"Just watched @NBCNightlyNews - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, although @CNN is right up there!"
"Will be interviewed on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"Whether I choose him or not for ""State""- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman &amp; CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!"
"I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!"
"Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!"
"I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!"
"As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun!"
"I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp; have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!"
".@RudyGiuliani, one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C., just took himself out of consideration for ""State""."
"If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues"
"Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!"
"I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:30. Enjoy!"
"Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!"
"their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I don't think so!"
"Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into.."
".@FoxNews will be re-running ""Objectified: Donald Trump,"" the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ, at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!"
"expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS"
"these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ..."
"wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but....."
"without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ......"
"fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.  ......"
"The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,"
"Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad"
"Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!"
"Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call."
"The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!"
"Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C."
"Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!"
"Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!"
"do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President,  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses.."
"great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ...."
"I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ..."
"ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country."
"Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier"
"I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!"
"Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!"
"I thought that @CNN would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse!"
"The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!"
".@CNN is so embarrassed by their total  (100%) support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do."
"If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal."
"Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!"
"states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!"
"It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--"
"In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally"
"Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead."" So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad"
"this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy."" She then said, ""We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --"
"of position."" Then, separately she stated, ""He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --"
"during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --"
"and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -"
"Hillary's debate answer on delay: ""That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free --"
"Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change"
"The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!"
"The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems"
"Fidel Castro is dead!"
"I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!"
"Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!"
"Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years."
"The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?"
"Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!"
"I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice"
"Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!"
"Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!"
"I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!"
"General James ""Mad Dog"" Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!"
"I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?"
"Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior"
"The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!"
"Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!"
"The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!"
"I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country."
"Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!"
"Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico"
"My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA"
"Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me."
"I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,"
"The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders."
"I am not trying to get ""top level security clearance"" for my children. This was a typically false news story."
"Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!"
"The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!"
"If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily"
"I will be interviewed on @60Minutes tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"The @nytimes states today that DJT believes ""more countries should acquire nuclear weapons."" How dishonest are they. I never said this!"
"Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!"
"Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!"
"Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!"
"The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?"
"Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the ""Trump phenomena"""
"This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!"
"Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!"
"Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!"
"Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!"
"A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!"
"Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before"
"Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!"
"Just out according to @CNN: ""Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country"""
"I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!"
"TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!"
"My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina."
"Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!"
"I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!"
"You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!"
"Wow, now leading in @ABC /@washingtonpost Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!"
"Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!"
"Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!"
"Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!"
"We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!"
"I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!"
"Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!"
"Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!"
"I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?"
"REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!"
"Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!"
"Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!"
"The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!"
"Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!"
"The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!"
"Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!"
"The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times."
"Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary."
"That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught"
"Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44."
"Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?"
"We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!)."
"Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!"
"Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!"
"ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!  @NCGOP"
"Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP"
"Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows ""quid pro quo"" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - &amp; Paul Ryan does zilch!"
"Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!"
"Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc."
"The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!"
"The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD"
"Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!"
"Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!"
"Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!"
"A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGA"
"The failing @nytimes reporters don't even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!"
"Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!"
"Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election"
"This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!"
"100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!"
"Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the ""incident"" in her story. Because it did not happen!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?"
"Wow, @CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary &amp; CNN FRAUD!"
"In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!"
"The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his  primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!"
"Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty."
"Wow, @CNN got caught fixing their ""focus group"" in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!"
"Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee"
"Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!"
"So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!"
"Tremendous support (except for some Republican ""leadership""). Thank you."
"Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!"
"The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA"
"Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!"
"The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!"
"Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!"
".@mike_pence is doing a great job - so far, no contest!"
"Both are looking good! Now we begin!"
"Here we go - Enjoy!"
"I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Wow, @CNN is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. I'm turning to @FoxNews where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great"
"Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!"
"Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!"
"I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!"
"I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing@nytimes"
"Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Wow, just saw the really bad @CNN ratings. People don't want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary."
"The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio &amp; sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?"
"I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided ""spin"" that followed. This despite the really bad microphone."
"For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!"
"Remember, don't believe ""sources said"" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist."
"Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?"
"Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con."
"Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an ""angel"" without checking her past, which is terrible!"
"Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying ""sources said,"" DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!"
"Wow, did you see how badly @CNN (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like @donlemon, who could expect any more?"
"Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting!"
"Well, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!"
"I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?"
"Great debate poll numbers - I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!"
".@newtgingrich just said ""a historic victory for Trump."" NICE!"
"Wow, did great in the debate polls (except for @CNN - which I don't watch). Thank you!"
"Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer, the ""King,"" has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed."
"Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!"
"Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M."
"Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!"
"Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!"
"The @SenTedCruz endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th."
"Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!"
"Will be on @foxandfriends now."
"I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on @seanhannity - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
".@YoungDems4Trump  Thank you!"
"Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change."
"Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 A.M.  Enjoy."
"I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC."
"Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama."
"Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good."
"My lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting"
"The failing @nytimes has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!"
".@CNN just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!"
"I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!"
"Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!"
"Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!"
"I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement."
"Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!"
"Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?"
"Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?"
"Just got back from Asheville,  North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!  #MAGA"
"Will be on @CNBC at @7:22. Enjoy!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M."
"The seriously failing @nytimes, despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!"
"Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!"
"While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!"
"Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!"
"Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!"
"Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!"
"Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible."
"I havn't seen @tonyschwartz in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!"
"Dummy writer @tonyschwartz, who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!"
"The documentary of me that @CNN just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!"
"Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!"
"COMING UP @GenFlynn @newtgingrich on @foxandfriends"
"Thank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night."
"Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!"
"China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama ""the son of a whore."" Terrible!"
"The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!"
"Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the ""C"" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?"
"To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE ""T"""
"The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?"
"The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!"
"The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as @JeffFlake, if it is going to stop illegal immigration."
"Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!"
"Wow, the failing @nytimes has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source"
".@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals."
"Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all @CNN talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!"
"I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!"
"People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA!"
"Just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @Morning_Joe. Joe a mess!"
"Poll numbers way up - making big progress!"
"Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!"
"Mexico will pay for the wall!"
"Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting."
"Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the ""f bomb."""
"From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!"
"Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!"
"Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT"
"Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere"
"Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!"
"Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!"
"I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue."
"I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?"
"Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL!"
"How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth ""SUPER PREDATORS"" - Has she apologized?"
"I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve"
"Wonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @MSNBC by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @Morning_Joe. Apologize!"
"What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!"
"Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communities"
"Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!"
"So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise"
"Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida @CNN Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!"
"Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was ""absolutely no connection"" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!"
"It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!"
"I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a @FoxNews Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!"
"Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas."
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!"
"Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns!"
"Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning,  unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!"
"I heard that @Morning_Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!"
"Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!"
"I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!"
"Will be interviewed on @JudgeJeanine at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!"
"They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!"
"I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @seanhannity - @FoxNews"
"Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!"
"I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!"
"It is not ""freedom of the press"" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!"
"I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!"
"My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm."
"If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%"
"The failing @nytimes, which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said"
"The failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!"
"We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres."
"I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!"
"The failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!"
"ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!"
"I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!"
"A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!"
"Ratings challenged @CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) ""the founder"" of ISIS, &amp; MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?"
".@dbongino  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock"
"I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!"
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now!"
"Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!"
"My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!"
"Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!"
"The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, ""the baby"" and so much more. Very dishonest!"
"I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!"
"I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!"
"Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!"
"Anybody whose mind ""SHORT CIRCUITS"" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word ""BRAINWASHED."""
"Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she ""SHORT CIRCUITED"" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!"
"Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!"
"The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!"
"Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!"
"There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!"
"Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!"
"President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!"
"So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!"
"When I said in an interview that Putin is ""not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down,"" I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!"
"This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!"
"Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!"
"Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing @nytimes is a joke. @CNN is laughable!"
"The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?"
"I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!"
"Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our ""leaders"" to eradicate it!"
"Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!"
"Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS."
"Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! @CNN @FoxNews"
"Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!"
"The ""Rust Belt"" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!"
"Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP"
"Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?"
"I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!"
"Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two ""Big Thursdays"" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings"
"Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!"
"I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!"
"Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!"
"The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!"
"Crooked Hillary said that I ""couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign."" Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!"
"If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!  #NeverHillary"
"General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD  #NeverHillary"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!"
"Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and ""forgot"" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!"
"The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. @CNN and the little watched @Morning_Joe = SAD!"
"Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic"
"Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to ""carpet bomb"" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!"
"Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!"
"The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!"
"Funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said ""Trump is a genius."" America 1st!"
"As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv."
"Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?"
"I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!"
"No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!"
"You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly"
"For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia."
"In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!"
"Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch."
"Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great"
"Funny, if you listen to @FoxNews, the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference"
"Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time."
"Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!"
"I was at @FoxNews and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!"
"Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!"
"Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA"
"The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!"
"Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!"
"Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her ""servant"" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie."
"If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same."
"Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!"
"How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!"
"The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me"
"Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing!"
"The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!"
"The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!"
"The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!"
"Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out"
"If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild"
"The @CNN panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. @FoxNews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!"
"I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!"
"Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!"
"There is no longer a Bernie Sanders ""political revolution."" He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!"
"An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates."
"Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!"
"Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!"
"Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT"
"The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!"
"Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!"
"Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!"
"I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!"
"Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!"
"Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA."
"Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED"
"Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!"
"Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!"
"The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?"
"I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam."
"Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?"
"Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich."
"One of the best produced, including the incredible stage &amp; set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! @KarlRove"
"Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!"
"What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!"
"Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!"
"Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!"
"I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!"
"Arena was packed, totally electric!"
".@mike_pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P."
"Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!"
"Thank you to Governor @ScottWalker for such warm support. Great speech!"
"John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!"
"In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!"
"Bill Hemmer of @FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years."
"Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!"
"Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!"
"The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!"
"Networks other than low ratings @CNN have been very fair and exciting!"
".@CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!"
"President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!"
"Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!"
"I will be on @60Minutes tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!"
"We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching"
"The ratings at @FoxNews blow away the ratings of @CNN - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like"
".@FoxNews is much better, and far more truthful, than @CNN, which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch."
"If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H"
"I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!"
"It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!"
"As the days and weeks go by,  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!"
"We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!"
"Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over"
"Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!"
"Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!"
"Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!"
"Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!"
"Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done"
"Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!"
"Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City."
"I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M."
"Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!"
"#NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement."
"Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse."
"Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!"
"I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!"
"Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!"
"Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!"
"I heard that the underachieving John King of @CNN on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!"
"The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!"
"President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!"
"Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!"
"Way to go @serenawilliams  - you are a true champion. Proud of you!"
"Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country"
"After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary."
"Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!"
"I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes, @MarkHalperin @NBCPolitics"
"Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C."
"Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City."
"Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City"
"I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies."
"Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!"
"Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement."
"Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team ""were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information."" Not fit!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!"
"I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with ""murder."" Come November 8, she's out!"
"Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win"
"It was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!"
"Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!"
"On @FoxNews at 7:00 P.M. ""Special: Meet the Trumps"" Hope you enjoy!"
"Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?"
"With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton is ""guilty as hell"" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?"
"The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!"
"I look forward to meeting @joniernst today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!"
"Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!"
"Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!"
"Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!"
"Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!"
"The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!"
"In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!"
"I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!"
"The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting ""go away, no pictures."""
"Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about ""grandkids"" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?"
"On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!"
"Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know."
"Just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!"
"It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!"
"It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!"
"The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release"
"Just read in the failing @nytimes that I was not aware ""the event had to be held in Cleveland"" - a total lie. These people are sick!"
"Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!"
"For reasons only they can explain, the @USChamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better."
"Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!"
"I will be on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"Just watched Senator John Barrasso on @FoxNews - He was great! Thank you John."
"Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?"
"The @USCHAMBER must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts"
"Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!"
".@CNN is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore."
"The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November"
"Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage."
"The ""dirty"" poll done by @ABC @washingtonpost is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good."
"Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time"
"Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!"
"People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!"
"The @ABC poll sample is heavy on Democrats.  Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!"
"Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son"
"Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call."
"George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls"
"Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!"
"So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!"
"Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!"
"The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!"
"Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster"
"Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave &amp; brilliant vote."
"Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!"
"Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!"
"Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!"
"ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama.""  --  Donald J. Trump"
"Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been ""disqualifying."""
"Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!"
"I am ""the king of debt.""That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S."
"Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!"
"When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees"
".@DJohnsonPGA We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!"
"In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!"
"People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando"
"Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!"
"I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M.  @FoxNews"
"I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns."
"The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!"
"An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump ""may have insinuated about @POTUS."" But he's right: https://t.co/bIIdYtvZYw"
"AMERICA FIRST!"
"American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening."
"I am watching @FoxNews and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and @CNN, and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying"
"I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M."
"I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!"
"What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough"
"Reporting that Orlando killer shouted ""Allah hu Akbar!"" as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade."
"Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded."
"Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!"
"Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!"
"Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is"
"Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO."
"The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!"
"Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice."
"Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!"
"As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!"
"Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me."
"I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!"
"Nobody is watching @Morning_Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!"
"Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved"
"I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues"
"I will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity - Enjoy!  10:00 P.M."
"In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!"
"A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres"
"A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!"
"Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!"
"Just like I have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish #1, so too should our country. We can be great!"
"People like @KatyTurNBC report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!"
"Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!"
"I am watching @CNN very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!"
"The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as @CNN, is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors"
"We just had the worst jobs report since 2010."
"The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!"
"Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police"
"Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!"
"In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!"
"I don't watch or do @Morning_Joe anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!"
"Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!"
"Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!"
"A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!"
"Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!"
"Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions."
"After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres."
"Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case!"
"With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC."
"Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?"
"Do you ever notice that @CNN gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P"
"Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!"
"So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased."
"So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job."
"Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!"
"I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!"
"So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today, Trump Tower!"
"I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me."
"I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump"
"I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!"
"I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record"
"Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!"
"In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!"
"Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H."
"The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!"
"Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!"
"Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them."
"I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you."
"The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH"
"I am on @oreillyfactor tonight, a big special. @FoxNews  at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!"
"Poll data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!"
"The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H."
"The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it"
"Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren @elizabethforma has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!"
"@elizabethforma  Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!"
"@elizabethforma Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!"
"Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim."
"Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!"
"I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!"
"Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media."
"Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups."
"While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!"
"I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!"
"Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!"
"Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!"
"Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!"
".@CNN is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!"
"Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!"
"While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!"
"Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!"
"Thank you @TheTodaysGolfer for the wonderful statement that ""the new par 3 9th hole @Trump Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain."""
"@montgomeriefdn  Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!"
"Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!"
"Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!"
"Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!"
"I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is ""not qualified"" to be president because she has ""very bad judgement"" - Bernie said the same thing!"
"Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!"
"My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!"
"Some low-life journalist claims that I ""made a pass"" at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the @nytimes story which has become a joke!"
"Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!"
"Paul Begala, the dopey @CNN flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me."
"Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you."
"Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign"
"I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!"
"I can't believe that @CNN would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!"
"Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how ""THE MOVEMENT"" does in Oregon tonight!"
"Will go back on for a final question now!"
"I like Michael Douglas!"
"I will be live tweeting @megynkelly Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!"
"Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?"
"Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!"
"How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?"
"Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the ""energizer"" to D.C.?"
"Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!"
"Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history"
"Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China"
"The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. ""You can tell them to go BLANK themselves"" - was about China, NOT WOMEN!"
"Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?"
"What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no."
"I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!"
"A political commentator for @cnn, which I no longer watch, said ""Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries."" I set all-time record!"
"That was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is!"
"Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run."
"The @washingtonpost report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration."
"The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!"
"Why did the failing @nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!"
"Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing @nytimes piece. Massive front page for that!"
"Why doesn't the failing @nytimes write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!"
"Everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use"
"The failing @nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!"
"Thank you for the nice words this morning @KellyRiddell. Well delivered and totally logical! @CNN   @FoxNews"
"Wow, @CNN is really working hard to make me look as bad  as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!"
"If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?"
"Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!"
"In interview I told @AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!"
"I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!"
"Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!"
"It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position."
"It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary! @marthamaccallum"
"Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!"
". #RepMikeKelly  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. Thank you for the nice words!"
"Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBizAlert  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Wow, I hear @Morning_Joe has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!"
"I will be interviewed on @CNN at 7:00 A.M."
".@drmoore  Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!"
"I will be interviewed on @NewDay @CNN at 7:00 A.M."
"I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!"
"On @seanhannity show @FoxNews now. ENJOY!"
".@KellyannePolls  Kellyanne, you were fantastic on @meetthepress today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"I will be interviewed on @meetthepress this morning. Enjoy!"
"I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!"
"Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!"
"I am honored that the great men and women of the @Teamsters have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you."
"I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! @Teamsters"
"Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!"
"Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!"
"So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Governor Rick Perry said ""Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen."" Thank you Rick!"
"Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!"
"I will be interviewed on @TODAYshow and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M."
"I will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!"
"I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!"
"What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!"
".@oreillyfactor  Please correct, I WON Virginia!"
"Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!"
"Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money"
"Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!"
"Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!"
"Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA."
"Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to ""dealing with men who get off the reservation."" Actually, she has done poorly with such men!"
"I will be interviewed on @CNN  @NewDay  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!"
"I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!"
"Thank you @MikeOzanian for the nice comments on @FoxNews today. Great job!"
"The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"
"The ""protesters"" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!"
".@AC360  Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!"
"We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!"
"Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!"
"So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!"
"I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!"
"Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort"
"I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!"
"Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!"
"Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!"
"I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!"
"The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!"
"Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses."
"Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!"
"Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!"
"Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!"
"I am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!"
"I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!"
".@AndreBauer  Great job and advice on @CNN  @jaketapper  Thank you!"
".@Borisep was great on @JudgeJeanine tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!"
"As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!"
"I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!"
"Congratulations to @seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the @AP today. Amazing job!"
"Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!"
"Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!"
"Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!"
"I will be doing the @TODAYshow with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M."
"Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!"
"Thank you New York, I will never forget!"
".@CNN is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O  @oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me!"
"A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"I am on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!"
"Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him"
"Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K"
"I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!"
"Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!"
"Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!"
"Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him."
"I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!"
"Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!"
"The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters"
"Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!"
"Great to be on @andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M.  (EASTERN)."
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!"
"How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!"
"I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!"
"The @nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!"
"Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!"
"Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight"
"So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!"
"Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"I will be on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!"
"Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!"
"I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!"
"If @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with @AC360 beat her by millions!"
"Is it possible for @megynkelly to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD."
"The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!"
"The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!"
"Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?"
"Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!"
"How come the @TODAYshow &amp; @chucktodd show the new @NBCNews Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?"
"I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC."
"Wow, @CNN has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!"
"We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!"
"Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm!"
"Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak &amp; losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates"
"After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!"
"Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!"
"Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!"
"A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called ""leaders"" ever learn!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!"
"The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!"
"Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming"
"Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!"
"Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women &amp; children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve"
"Happy Easter to all, have a great day!"
"My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!"
"Wow, sleepy eyes @chucktodd is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others"
"I am interviewed on This Week on @ABC this morning. Enjoy!"
"Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!"
"Don't believe the @FoxNews Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election."
"Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs"
"Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!"
"Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!"
"The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!"
"The media is so after me on women  Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!"
"Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!"
"Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?"
"I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!"
"Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!"
"Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!"
"Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S.  I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!"
"Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. @abc is wasting time"
".@TheView T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM ""NO"""
"Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!"
"It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!"
"Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a ""hell hole"" and a mess and the failing @nytimes wrote a critical article. I was so right!"
".@LindseyGrahamSC and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!"
"It is amazing how @LindseyGrahamSC gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!"
"We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!"
"N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"I want to thank @RealSheriffJoe for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!"
"While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!"
"I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!"
"Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!"
"Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!"
"Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!"
"Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!"
"Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!"
"Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame."
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!"
"Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect"
"Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!"
"So the highly overrated anchor, @megynkelly, is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong!"
"The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!"
"Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES,  are never blamed by media? SAD!"
"Will be interviewed on @ThisWeekABC this morning. Enjoy!"
"The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon."
"Wow, @CNN ratings are up 75% because it's ""all Trump, all the time."" The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"If crazy @megynkelly didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!"
"Crazy @megynkelly says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!"
"Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who ""choked"" and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!"
"Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary"
"Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!"
"With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?"
"Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!"
"Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Please explain to the dummies at the @WSJ  Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!"
".@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!"
".@WSJ Editorial says ""Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trump's is 7,533,692""-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize"
"The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!"
"Crazy @megynkelly is now complaining that  @oreillyfactor did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!"
"Great news that @FoxNews has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating"
"Crazy @megynkelly supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!"
"Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!"
"Wow, just won Missouri!"
"I am making a big speech the night of the @FoxNews debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!"
".@RepTomMarino  Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!"
".@pastormarkburns You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY!"
"Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:40. ENJOY!"
"Will be interviewed on @NewDay on @CNN at 7:15 A.M."
"Will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!"
"Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy @megynkelly is unwatchable."
"Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big &amp; over!"
"Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!"
"A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false."
"I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will ""sing"" again."
"In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!"
"Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!"
"Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down."
"North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!"
"Don't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.)."
"Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!"
"I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL"
"Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!"
"The failing @nytimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!"
"Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the @GolfChannel"
"Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!"
"Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!"
"Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way"
"The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!"
"The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!"
"Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!"
"Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!"
"The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!"
"Rumor has it that @politico is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman's @NYDailyNews"
"Wow, you are all correct about @FoxNews - totally biased and disgusting reporting."
"Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!"
"I hear @NBCNews / @WSJ came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll"
"The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total #Mediafraud. When you watch, remember!"
"Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!"
"Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!"
"Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!"
"Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!"
"Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!"
"Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!"
"I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida"
"We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of  $'s in false ads!"
"Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous  failures have ZERO credibility!"
"Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!"
"How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch!"
"All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do"
"I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning. Enjoy!  @jdickerson"
".@FoxNews is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!"
"Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!"
"Wow, big lines in Kansas."
"For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!"
"Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!)."
"Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!"
"The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win"
"Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?"
"I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of ""Trump"""
"Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!"
"I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!"
"Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big ""R"" win!"
"Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!"
"Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS"
"Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!"
"Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!"
"Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!"
"Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale &amp; his no show voting!"
"The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me."
"Got the endorsement of Brian France and @NASCAR yesterday in Georgia. Also, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!"
"My sons, Don and Eric, are on @foxandfriends now 7:35. Great kids, enjoy!"
"Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!"
"Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!"
"Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!"
"Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the ""puppet"" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!"
"Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!"
"I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get."
"While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY"
"The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to ""hit"" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful"
"While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida"
"Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar"
".#RogerStone was just banned by @CNN - their loss! Tough, loyal guy."
"I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!"
"I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didn't - total fabrication!"
"Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!"
"I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!"
"Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem!"
"I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?"
"I will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!"
"Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!"
"Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!"
"Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!"
"I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!"
"FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!"
"Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!"
"Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out https://t.co/45g7qpxq7T Poll snd Q Poll."
".@RepChrisCollins  Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down! @CNN"
"When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!"
"Why would Texans vote for ""liar"" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently"
"When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!"
"Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy"
"The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more.  Sad but true"
".@USATODAY Poll and @QuinnipiacPoll say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!"
"Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. @KarlRove on @FoxNews is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!"
"@MELANIATRUMP did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!"
"Melania will be interviewed by @morningmika on @Morning_Joe now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!"
"Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL."
"GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"My wife Melania will be on @Morning_Joe  tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by @morningmika - Enjoy!"
"Great. Just reported on @FoxNews that many people who supported @JebBush are now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didn't!"
"Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!"
"Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing, in and out. I love &amp; invest in Nevada!"
"I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past."
"Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no!"
"Ted Cruz does not have the right ""temperment"" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!"
"Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked."
"Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration."
"Ted Cruz said on @oreillyfactor that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!"
"A big fat hit job on @oreillyfactor tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased. @brithume said I would never run, a dope!"
"Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by @seanhannity on @FoxNews"
"Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!"
"I will be on @seanhannity tonight- from Las Vegas, Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy! #Hannity #Trump2016 https://t.co/mx5rxf4oHl"
"Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad."
"Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?"
"Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!"
"Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!"
"Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!"
"It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done."
"Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!"
"I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!"
"The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!"
"I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!"
"A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!"
"RT @BretEastonEllis: Just back from a dinner in West Hollywood: shocked the majority of the table was voting for Trump but they would never"
"Thank you South Carolina!  https://t.co/U1HoDmuuH3"
"A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re: Jeb.  https://t.co/4twxJ4blje"
"The failing @WSJ Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!"
"I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!"
"Thank you @SarahPalinUSA for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!"
"What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE"
"People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)"
"South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it"
"I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!"
"I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!"
"Lying #Ted Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now!"
"Boycott all Apple products  until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal"
"I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!"
".@FoxNews is changing their  theme from ""fair and balanced"" to ""unfair and unbalanced."" But dying @WSJ is worse.Their phony poll is a  joke!"
"New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!"
"I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie."
"Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls, the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll."
".@FoxNews is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!"
"Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I ""would never be president"" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!"
"Why does @megynkelly devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative?  Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!"
"Thank you  @kayleighmcenany for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina. @CNN @donlemon"
".@brithume thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!"
"Explain to @brithume and @megynkelly, who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!"
"New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!"
"Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same."
"Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!"
"I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"
"Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada"
"Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!"
"Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice, but didn't!"
"Wow, in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!"
"Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp; special interests - the bosses!"
"Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp; special ints"
"Even though every poll, Time, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate by a lot, @FoxNews only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!"
"The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!"
"Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight."
"A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview on @CNN and article in Newsmax! Great insight"
"Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow."
"Millions of $'s of false ads,  paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater @SenTedCruz  and sleepy @JebBush, are now running in S.C."
"Last time lightweight @JebBush tried to knock off @marcorubio he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time, he is out!"
"We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest ""pushpolls"" on me. We are watching!"
"Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!"
"He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Remember, it was the Republican Party, with the help of Conservatives, that made so many promises to their base, BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT"
".@MarkHalperin showed a focus group on @Morning_Joe me using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize!"
"Jeb Bush spent more than $40,000,000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5, I spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!"
"There are no buyers for the worthless @NYDailyNews but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!"
"I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core."
"Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!"
"So funny, Jeb Bush called me a ""highly gifted politician and a great entertainer"" - I assume that is a compliment!"
"Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today."
"Thank you to the people of  New Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina."
"We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security."
"We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!"
"ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our ""leader"" - If I win it will be a very different story,with very fast results"
"New Hampshire vote today -  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy!"
"The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!"
"No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!"
"I know the ""Governors"" and Jeb Bush, who has gone nasty with lies, is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!"
"Remember @JebBush wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION (""come as act of love""). Not a leader!"
"Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!"
"My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 - now! Enjoy."
"So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!"
"Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!"
"Watch @AC360 on NOW! @CNN"
"Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!"
"I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews"
"Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified."
"And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and ""choice"" - a total lie!"
"The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud"
"Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters."
"During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that @RealBenCarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz."
"Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!"
"Great job on @donlemon tonight @kayleighmcenany  @cherijacobus begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! @CNN"
"I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it!"
"I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd"
"The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!"
"Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp; Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor"
"My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice"
"It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with @jdickerson this morning. Enjoy!"
"I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With @GStephanopoulos  this morning. ENJOY!"
"If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000."
"By not doing the failed, poorly rated debate, I was able to make the point of not allowing ""unfairness"" - while raising $6,000,000 for VETS."
"Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal &amp; replace. He lies!"
"Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam!"
"Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!"
"I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!"
".@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz. @foxandfriends"
".@bobvanderplaats asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony @foxandfriends"
".@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!"
"The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters ""in violation."" They are now under investigation. Bad!"
"I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!"
".@oreillyfactor  The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!"
".@FoxNews is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS."
"Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like @BenSasse, who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator  is endorsing Canada Ted!"
".@BenSasse looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?  @greta"
"The great State of Nebraska can do much better than @BenSasse as your Senator. Saw him on @greta - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols."
"The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?"
"Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!"
"Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy &amp; proud"
"The ""debate"" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this."
"Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University."
"I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!"
"Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?"
"Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!"
"The statement put out yesterday by @FoxNews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb"
"Why doesn't phony  @bobvanderplaats tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying"
"I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @MorningsMaria  @FoxBusiness at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy."
"I will be doing @GMA @GStephanopoulos this morning at around 7:00. Likewise, I will be doing @Morning_Joe at around 7:00. Figure it out!"
"It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race"
"I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. @CBSNews  Enjoy!"
"I will be on @meetthepress this morning at various times across the U.S. @NBCNews  Enjoy!"
"Heading to Sioux County, Iowa, where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!"
"Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!"
"I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen!"
".@AnnCoulter has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!"
"I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!"
"Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers."
"Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!"
"The dying @NRO National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!"
"After spending $89 million, @JebBush is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name ""Bush"" in ads. Low energy guy!"
"The failing @NRO National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate"
"Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated, ""Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President."" Big problem"
"#TedCruz eligibility to be President not settled law, says Cruz' Constitutional Law Professor, #LaurenceTribe https://t.co/GWKoJsBINZ"""
"Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldn't have roads, highways, airports, schools or even pipelines."
"Happy birthday to my friend, the great @jacknicklaus - a totally special guy!"
"Low energy candidate @JebBush has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!"
"Sad sack @JebBush has just done another ad on me, with special interest money, saying I won't beat Hillary - I WILL. But he can't beat me."
"So sad that @CNN and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!"
"Wacko @glennbeck is a sad answer to the @SarahPalinUSA endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing, crying, lost soul!"
"Wow, the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that ""Ted Cruz must be defeated."" Big shoker! People do not like Ted."
"Wow, new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!"
"I don't think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!"
"Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!"
"I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money, not controlled.  Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses."
"Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S., or we won't have a country anymore!"
"Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S., rather Airbus!"
"In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion, 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!"
"Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!"
"Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a ""natural born Canadian,"" did he borrow unreported loans from C banks?"
"Oh no, just reported that Ted Cruz didn't report another loan, this one from Citi. Wow, no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate."
"The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wife's employer, and his lender, is located there!"
"Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!"
"Ted Cruz said he ""didn't know"" that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable"
"Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so"
"More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders, we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct."
".@FrankLuntz is a total clown. Has zero credibility!  @FoxNews  @megynkelly"
".@oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing @glennbeck that I supported John McCain big league in 2008, not Obama!"
"Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!"
".@GeraldoRivera  Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on @oreillyfactor tonight. You are a true champion! Thank @ericbolling - great guy!"
"Jusr watched  #HarveyPitt on @TeamCavuto - he was great!"
"Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush."
"Jeb Bush, who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero, just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O."
"Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated."
"Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!"
"Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW!"
"Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!"
"The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!"
"The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!"
".@stuartpstevens horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Don't blame Mitt! Now Stevens can't get a job!"
"Fantastic job on @CNN  tonight. @kayleighmcenany is a winner! @donlemon"
"Don't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful @jimmyfallon at 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed!  @NBC"
"Face The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW!  @CBSNews @jdickerson"
".@MajorCBS Major Garrett of @CBSNews covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda, bad reporter!"
"Thank you Michael Harrison @Talkersmagazine for your kind words - greatly appreciated!"
"Heading now for Reno, Nevada, for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!"
"In the just out @FoxNews Poll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!"
"Constitutional law expert  #Laurence Tribe of Harvard says ""wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled)."
"South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!"
"Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on @CNN - way to go Pat, way ahead of your time!"
"Will be at venue, in wonderful South Carolina, very soon. Big traffic back-up, tremendous crowd! Will be wild."
"Hank Greenberg, formerly of AIG, gave $10 million to the @JebBush campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy, a total waste of money!"
"Great time in Burlington, Vermont. Crowd was amazing."
"Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!"
"I will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!"
".@Macys was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp;P last year, plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott."
"The failing @UnionLeader newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate!"
"Germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!"
"The rally in Lowell, Massachusetts, was amazing. 10,000 people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Iran, with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama, has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia &amp; their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!"
".@RuthMarcus of the @washingtonpost was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus, poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying"
".@chucktodd said today on @meetthepress that ""attacking Bill to get to Hillary has never worked before."" Wrong - attacked him in '08 &amp; won!"
"Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch."
"Hillary said that guns don't keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!"
"Al-Shabbab, not ISIS, just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner &amp; if I speak out against them, which I must. Hillary lied!"
"Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate."
"Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening."
"Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!"
"Remember, I am self-funding my campaign, the only one in either party. I'm not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.!"
"When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!"
"I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!"
"Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual, but Hillary is not much better!"
"Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!"
".@JebBush is a low energy ""stiff"" who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!"
".@JebBush is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family, he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!"
"Thank you so much to https://t.co/8OMryrUVET for naming me the 2015 Man of the Year. This is indeed a great honor for me!"
"The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!"
"I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it."
"Well, the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!"
"I will be on @FoxNews live,  with members of my family, at 11:50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO, FINALLY, MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN!"
"Do you believe that The State Department, on NEW YEAR'S EVE, just released more of Hillary's e-mails. They just want it all to end. BAD!"
"I would feel sorry for @JebBush and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me"
"People ask, ""why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about @JebBush when he is so low in the polls?"" Because of his big $ hit ads on me!"
".@JebBush has spent  $63,000,000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN!  @hughhewitt"
"A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"I predict that dying @UnionLeader newspaper, which has been run into the ground by publisher ""Stinky"" Joe McQuaid, will be dead in 2 years!"
"I never thought I'd be saying this but I've really enjoyed  @RichLowry on television lately, and he was terrific hosting @seanhannity"
"Iowa was fantastic last night, amazing crowd and people. I'm now in Florida, getting ready to go to South Carolina. Big crowd, very exciting"
".@CharlesHurt   You were great on @seanhannity last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"So, I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million &amp; done. Run country my way!"
"My campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, I have spent very little (and am in 1st place).Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C."
".@jessebwatters is terrific at hosting on @FoxNews - he really gets it!"
"Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!"
"Strange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because I'm lowering taxes, while he will double &amp; triple them, a disaster!"
"Wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few,  and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smart and strong leadership now!"
"Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are part time, sad! I WILL FIX!"
"The middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no  effective raise in years. BAD"
"If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!"
"Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginia's Republican Party. FAST!"
"Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid!  RNC"
".@BernieSanders-who blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie!"
"The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change!"
"R.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW!"
"It begins, Republican Party of Virginia, controlled by the RNC, is working hard to disallow independent, unaffiliated and new voters. BAD!"
"I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!"
"Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HE'S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM, so inappropriate!"
"A new terror warning was issued for European cties. At what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart. Weak leaders!"
"Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE!"
"The Phoenix V.A., it has just been reported, is in worse shape than ever before. The wait is horrendous, and people are dying. I will fix it"
"The same people that said I wouldn't run, or that I wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%), now say I won't beat Hillary."
".@chucktodd is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until I came along-no ratings. I will beat Hillary!"
"@CNN just announced that TRUMP was #1 story of 2015. Totally meaningless, however, if we don't WIN IT ALL and Make America Great Again!"
"When will the Democrats, and Hillary in particular, say ""we must build a wall, a great wall, and Mexico is going to pay for it?"" Never!"
"Our great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop, I will fix this quickly!"
"Remember when failed candidate @JebBush said that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? He's spent $59 million and is at 3%."
"We have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. Politics!"
".@deedeesorvino was GREAT today on @FoxNews  She gets what is going on in politics, and sees it very clearly. Have her on more!"
"Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It will be done!"
".@danielhalper  Great job on @CNN today. Very wise indeed!"
".@HallieJackson Why didn't you report Hillary lying about the ISIS video. Bad reporting. Perhaps @NBC will do better next year-but doubt it!"
"I am now in Palm Beach, Florida, and will be going to church tonight. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
".@meetthepress and @chucktodd very dishonest in not showing the new @CNN Poll where I am at 39%, 21points higher than Cruz. Be honest Chuck!"
"Why isn't @chucktodd using the much newer @CNN Poll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better!"
"Wow, because of the pressure put on by me, ICE TO LAUNCH LARGE SCALE DEPORTATION RAIDS. It's about time!"
"Next year will be an interesting one. I look forward to running against Hillary Clinton, a totally flawed candidate, and beating her soundly"
"Third rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failing @nytimes are totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill!"
"Wow, even lowly Rand Paul has just past @JebBush in the new @CNN Poll. Jeb is at 3%, I'm at 39%. Stop throwing your money down the drain!"
"In the ridiculous @JebBush ad about me, Jeb is speaking to me during the debate, but doesn't allow my answer, which destroys him - SO SAD!"
"Poor @JebBush spent $50 million on his campaign, I spent almost nothing. He's bottom (and gone), I'm top (by a lot). That's what U.S. needs!"
"Hillary said ""I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign."" I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity"
"Hillary, when you complain about ""a penchant for sexism,"" who are you referring to. I have great respect for women. BE CAREFUL!"
"It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media.  New @CNN Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead"
"Why does @FoxNews give @KarlRove so much airtime. He (and other Fox pundits) is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump"
".@FoxNews treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out @CNN Poll. All negative!"
"The @washingtonpost, which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on #Amazon, today did a nasty cartoon attacking @tedcruz kids. Bad"
"The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card."
"Big news just out - NEW @CNN POLL  TRUMP  39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18  CARSON 10  RUBIO 10"
"We need a PRESIDENT with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!"
"It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!"
"When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!"
"Wow, new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  TRUMP 37  CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge!"
"Jeb's big ad buy against me, paid for by lobbyists, shows my face but doesn't have me answering Jeb's statements. He is really pathetic!"
"Watching @CNN and consider @secupp to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!"
"Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there."
"Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about ""the video"" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video."
"Thanks @AndreaTantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!"
"A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter!"
"Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!"
"Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable!"
"Hillary said with respect to ISIS, ""we are finally where we need to be."" Do we want 4  more years of incompetent leadership?  MAGA!"
"I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video."
"Hillary said at debate ISIS is ""going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst."" She made up story-want apology!"
"Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!"
".@JebBush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. That is the talk of a loser, can't win!"
".@MissUniverse final 3 on now. Great people, great new owner @IMG. WATCH."
"It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!"
"Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!"
".@JebBush was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!"
"Hillary Clinton lied when she said that ""ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool."" This was fact checked by @FoxNews: FALSE"
".@GStephanopoulos stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite!"
"President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint, and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747."
"See, Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate, hurting himself, and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). Disloyal person!"
"The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!"
"Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina."
"Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ad's."
"Thank you for the nice words @ktmcfarland. The debate was interesting, and fun. Keep up the great work!"
"Will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate, and more!"
"Bill O'Reilly calls Trump and  campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points."
".@MarkHalperin works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow!"
"Thank you @davidaxelrod for your nice words this morning on @CNN. It was a good night!"
"Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!"
"Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!"
". #JoeTheismann was great as a political analyst on @FoxNews. He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!"
"I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including @DRUDGE_REPORT, @TIME @Slate and more. Too bad dopey @megynkelly lies!"
"Between Iraq war monger @krauthammer, dummy @KarlRove, deadpan @GeorgezWill, highly overrated @megynkelly, among others, @FoxNews not fair!"
"I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward -   hope I get treated fairly!"
"I wonder if @megynkelly and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!"
".@megynkelly is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14."
".@megynkelly, the most overrated anchor at @FoxNews, worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!"
"Why isn't anyone using the @CNN Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press"
"Isn't it amazing that @CNN paid a fortune for an Iowa Poll, which shows me in first place over Cruz by 13%, 33% to 20% - then doesn't use it"
"Wow, I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from @ABC @washingtonpost - 38%.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Why doesn't @FoxNews quote the new Iowa @CNN Poll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!"
"People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!"
"I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. Well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics!"
"I did interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove, Lane and Will, three Trump bashers, to discuss."
"Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry, home of The Duel In The Sun, will be the worlds best after the renovation."
"A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!"
".@danawhite  Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days, I am proud of you."
"People that have read it tell me that @KarlRove book is terrible (and boring). Save your money! @FoxNews should can him, no credibility!"
"Chris Wallace @fox at 10:00 A.M."
".@CNN @jaketapper at 9:00 A.M."
".@Peggynoonannyc An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M."
".@Peggynoonannyc Interesting article, but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me!"
"Something must be done with dopey @KarlRove - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Don't fall for it, Karl is a loser"
"I will be interviewed on @jaketapper @CNN at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0  A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about!"
".@loudobbsnews did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!"
"Just got back from Iowa, great people!"
".@chucktodd is a nice guy , but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and, in particular, winning!  I fixed his rating problem."
".@Morning_Joe just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out, waste of time"
".@tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!"
"Looks like @tedcruz is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so, he will fall like all others. Will be easy!"
".@Morning_Joe is so off on Iowa, which I am leading big in new @CNN poll. I will win Iowa. Also, I beat Hillary easily!"
"Great evening last night in  New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big  territory, great people! Thank you."
".@BernardGoldberg was not good tonight on @oreillyfactor. He just doesn't know about winning! But he is a nice guy."
"The politicians of the U.K. should watch Katie Hopkins of Daily https://t.co/LgtY0qdv9U on @FoxNews. Many people in the U.K. agree with me!"
"Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of Daily https://t.co/LgtY0qdv9U for her  powerful writing on the U.K.'s Muslim problems."
"The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive  Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! Be honest."
"I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with @Netanyahu at a later date after I become President of the U.S."
"Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30. So much to talk about!"
"Wow, my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!"
".@Megynkelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird, she's being driven crazy!"
"Weak and totally conflicted people like @TheRickWilson shouldn't be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock!  @CNN"
"Great interview tonight @donlemon - very professionally done. @CNN"
"Thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been @TIME Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!"
"Why does @CNN bore their audience with people like @secupp, a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!"
".@secupp, who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent! @CNN"
".@donlemon on @CNN at 10:00 P.M."
"I am interviewed on the  @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed by @donlemon on @CNN. Enjoy!"
"I told you @TIME Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany"
"Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!"
"The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!"
"The failing @nytimes does not mention the new @CNN Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman, sad!"
"Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for ""Trump"" according to @CNN!"
"Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous  danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S."
"Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart, and very tough, FAST, before it is too late!"
"Will be on @ABC News tonight at 6:30. Interviewed by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters! Enjoy"
"I wish the @WSJ Wall Street Journal had reported the just out @CNN Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin,13 points, going up big!"
"Just won IOWA @CNN Poll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%,  but @WSJ reported ""Cruz momentum"" but nothing about the fact that I easily won!"
"Just released @CNN Poll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing @nytimes. Thank you Iowa!"
"If @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The @washingtonpost scam is saving it!"
"The @washingtonpost loses   money (a deduction) and gives owner @JeffBezos power to screw public on low taxation of @Amazon! Big tax shelter"
"The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by  @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon."
"N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace"
"I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group, many friends, in D.C. I said ""I'm a negotiator like you"" Got standing O-rated best of day!"
"Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?"
"Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger @OANN for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS &amp; W.R."
"Well, Obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS."
"Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying)."
"Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL."
"Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!"
"Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!"
"The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key."
"Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated."
"I will be re-tweeting some of your better, most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! Important stuff."
"BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!"
"Gee, @meetthepress with @chucktodd was getting terrible ratings then, with me,  he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!"
"Wow, @GeorgeWill said some very nice things about me today on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. I am making progress, thanks George!"
"I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?"
".@BrookslawBrooks  Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart!"
"So, how did I do on Face The Nation?"
"Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!"
"Hillary just said that she will not use the term ""radical Islamic"" - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of  Obama &amp; the e-mails!"
"I will be interviewed on Face The Nation @CBSNews at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!"
"Was going to do a phoner this morning with @jaketapper on @CNN but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week."
"Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?"
"Raleigh, North Carolina, was fantastic last night. Such incredible spirit. We all want to, and will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"The virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career, Cheri Jacobus, is incoherent with anger that her puppets died!"
".@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics Please thank Alisyn Camerota, David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll."
".@CNN Poll just came out, amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 36%, a 20 point lead over 2nd place. Thanks."
".@MarkHalperin I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said ""not even close."" Only FULL standing O. But don't want $'s"
"As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfection"
"I consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!"
"Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due."
"Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!"
"#TeamTrump. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police"
"California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!"
"I beat Hillary in the new @FoxNews Poll head to head.  SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA, both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"I WILL BE ON @foxandfriends  AT 7:30 -NOW!"
"Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun."
"Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!"
"When will @CNN get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesn't have a clue! Others bad also."
"Great job @MariaTCardona on @ThisWeekABC. You made kooky Cokie Roberts and @BillKristol look even dumber than they are. You will be right!"
"After my meeting with the pastors, it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement!"
"Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event."
"Just watched Cookie Roberts on @ABC. Her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case"
".@CNN has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring"
"I will be on @meetthepress in an interview with @chucktodd on Sunday morning. So much to talk about!"
"The Sarasota, Florida, rally today was amazing. 12,000 people chanting their love for our country. It's going to happen, this is a MOVEMENT!"
".@CNN Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her  on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words."
"Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the  American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota"
"The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I don't know what he looks like and don't know him!"
"The failing @nytimes should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles, today2!"
"I do not know the reporter for the @nytimes, or what he looks like. I was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago!"
"Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"The numbers at the @nytimes  are so dismal, especially advertising revenue, that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD!"
"So, since the people at the @nytimes have made all bad decisions over the last decade, why do people care what they write. Incompetent!"
"The dopes at the @nytimes bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb"
"The @nytimes is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!"
"The failing @nytimes should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump!"
"@KarlRove just totally bombed on @Morning_Joe. @FoxNews has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser!  Fox should dump Rove."
"South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon!"
"Why would @greta use @KarlRove as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope!"
"A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd, amazing energy!"
"Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!"
"Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at!"
"We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!"
"13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it?  WE NEED THE WALL!"
"Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!"
"Big new @ABC Poll to be announced at 9:00 A.M. on This Week with @GStephanopoulos. I will be interviewed on show!"
".@GStephanopoulos just announced that I am leading  BIG in the new @ABC Poll which will be shown on This Week at 9:00 A.M. I will be on show"
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M."
".@heytana, great job - we are all proud of you!"
"Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild."
"We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive!"
"People are really liking my new book, ""Crippled America."" Check it out!"
"Looking forward to watching the legendary @BarbaraJWalters interview my family (and me) tonight on @ABC at 10:00. Many things to talk about!"
".@washingtonpost  @BretBaier  Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!"
".@Gracematters Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes."
"Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!"
"Going to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!"
"The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds!"
"The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders ""MASTERMINDS."" Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!"
"The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!"
"Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG &amp; BEAUTIFUL WALL!"
"I will be interviewed by  @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 on @FoxNews . Much, much, much to talk about!"
"Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?"
"I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat"
"So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter."
"Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now they're attacking the oil."
"Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback!"
"President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!"
".@JohnLegere  @TMobile  John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers."
"Glad to see that @RondaRousey lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!"
"I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at @VanityFair Magazine. He is a total loser!"
".@VanityFair Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of it's former allure!"
"We need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!"
".@realDonaldTrump on ISIS&amp;OIL FIELDS! Saying it for years! @AndersonCooper, you should acknowledge this! #Trump2016 https://t.co/ocoB9WlP7R"
"When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He  can't say it, and unless he will,  the problem will not be solved!"
"I think everyone will like my new and very successful book, Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think!"
"Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for  African American youth - 51%."
"Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? O'Malley is a clown."
"Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time!"
"Great news out of New Hampshire! DonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack w/ 2nd is 17% behind him! #Trump2016 https://t.co/hASWradHMe"""
"We need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!"
"President Obama said ""ISIL continues to shrink"" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE."
".@seanhannity  Carly, whose campaign is dead, is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad."
".@CarlyFiorina had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!"
"Wow, pres. candidate Ben Carson, who is very weak on illegal Immigration, just said  he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship."
"Why does the failing @WSJ write a false editorial about me and let dummy @KarlRove make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?"
".@KarlRove is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100%"
"We, as a country, either have borders or we don't. IF WE DON'T HAVE BORDERS, WE DON'T HAVE A COUNTRY!"
"Why wouldn't the @WSJ call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!"
"When and how are the dummies at the @WSJ going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want ""smart"" trade deals."
"The @WSJ Editorial Board is so wrong, so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate."
".@WSJ Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later."
"Today's @WSJ Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door."
"I will be interviewed on @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness at 7:30"
"All seven on-line polls, including Drudge and Time, with thousands of respondents, said I won the debate. @krauthammer said I was ""so, so."""
"Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job."
"Will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!"
"I will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. There is much to talk about!"
"Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!"
".@EricShawnonFox Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary &amp; Miley Cyrus. Nice words"
"Television ratings for @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!"
"At 10:30 I will be interviewed on both @meetthepress by @chucktodd and @CBSNews Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!"
"I will be interviewed by  @GStephanopoulos on @ABC   at 10:00 A.M."
".@CNN  Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. Enjoy."
".@nbcsnl - So much fun last night!"
"Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M."
"Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!"
"I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a ""tweeting"" skit, so stay tuned!"
"They are saying that tickets to tonight's Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start!"
"Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy"
".@RobertGBeckel Please thank your brother for his nice words on television. Seems like a great guy and character! @CNN"
"One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of @FoxNews. Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings, Trump #1. Dope!"
"Would be nice if @jmartNYT learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose, but not good reporting!"
"@BillKristol has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly, probably doesn't have long to go, and his predictions are always wrong!"
"Such bad reporting: A puff piece on Ben Carson in the @nytimes states that Carson ""is trying to solidify his lead."" But I am #1, easily! Sad"
"Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure."
"A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the @FoxNews poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!"
"The Carson story is either a total fabrication or, if true, even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!"
".@seanhannity should have corrected Jeb Bush when he said that I ""ran for president twice."" Never ran, merely considered running!"
"Jeb Bush just said about Marco Rubio, ""he's my friend!"" Pure political speak. Why can't he be truthful and say ""disloyal guy, no friend!"""
"Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!"
"Isn't it terrible that @megynkelly used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down, but refuses to use it now when I am up?"
"I will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. and @foxandfriends at 7:50. Talking about my new book, out today, Crippled America."
"Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job @kilmeade"
".@Morning_Joe: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy @CNBC. Marco good looking?"
"Sirius National News at 7:30 A.M. Steve Bannon. @BreitbartNews"
"Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S."
"Thank you @JoeTrippi for the nice, and true, words on #Media Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12. @FoxNews"
"While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear:  That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP."
"If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!"
"Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration, strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a ""lightweight""."
"I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!"
"Jeb's new slogan - ""Jeb can fix it"". I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message, the word ""fix"" is not a good one to use in politics!"
"Anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for Marco Rubio  READ THIS: https://t.co/Tj85IsBPG8"""
"Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer's, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs can't win"
".@thehill  John Oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. I said ""NO THANKS"" Waste of time &amp; energy!"
"Few people know that  @FortuneMagazine is still in business. Tell your writer  Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president"
"No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasn't in them? Interesting question!"
"Thank you James Freeman of the @WSJ for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!"
"Support Coach Kennedy and his right, together with his young players, to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him!"
"The @WSJ Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!"
"Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya'"
"I told you so-@politico just lost it's top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit, they would be doing far better!"
"I am leaving for Norfolk, Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon!"
"I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac, which are total scams. Marco must address him as ""SIR""!"
"The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me #1."
"Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc."
"I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid, Carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesn't have a clue - weak!"
"When candidate John Kasich, on the @oreillyfactor, talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid, he was referring to Ben Carson."
".@GovMikeHuckabee Great job on @FoxNews tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!"
"Thank you @CharlesHurt for  the nice words on @seanhannity. I will win and Make America Great Again!"
"Loved doing the debate last night on @CNBC. Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!"
"Wow, just heard really bad stuff about the failing  @politico. How much longer  will they be around? Some very untalented reporters."
".@SpeakerRyan Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!"
"Failing host @glennbeck, a mental basketcase, loves SUPERPACS - in other words, he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!"
"Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno, Nevada."
"Thank you @morningmika and @JoeNBC  for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!"
"The money losing @politico is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!"
"Thanks everyone, they all said  I won the debate. Even won the @CNBC Poll!"
"@CNBC  POLL  TOTAL: TRUMP 25.22  CARSON 19.78  RUBIO 9.67...."
".@TheEconomist Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy!"
"Does anybody think that @CNBC will get their fictitious  polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!"
".@Morning_Joe can you believe Kasie Hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa. @politico is a scam!"
".@CNBC continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one, based on every statistic, is Trump (by a wide margin). They just can't say it!"
"After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!"
"I am leaving for Sioux City, Iowa - great event (rally)."
"Dopey @BillKristol, who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and  picks, said last week on @Morning_Joe that Biden was in."
"Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the @TODAYshow there, live at 7:00 A.M. New @CBSNews Poll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12!"
"Remember that Carson, Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun!"
"Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares, my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president!"
"Word is that Ford Motor, because of my constant badgering at packed events, is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S."
".@ByronYork  Great numbers from @CBSNews Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you!  @CNN"
"Do you believe that @FoxNews is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?"
".@CBSNews Poll - WOW!  New Hampshire  TRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8%  South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27%"
"Watch my interview on @CBSNews Face The Nation now and, also, the new CBS POLLS which, if good for me, the media won't report!"
"Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 10:30 on @CBSNews."
"Watch @CNN at 9:00 A.M. @jaketapper. Then interviewed on @ABC @GStephanopoulos at 10:00 A.M. and then, at 10:30 A.M., watch Face The Nation."
"Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well, maybe a nurse). I have created tens of thousands of jobs, it's what I do."
"I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN @jaketapper. Ben is very weak on illegal immigration."
"A big POLL will be announced this morning on @CBSNews  Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it"
"This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT."
"I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN. Enjoy!"
"While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries, after having paid ridiculous amounts of money, why did he pay so much in the first place?"
"Just finished speaking in Jacksonville, Florida. Incredible crowd, fantastic people. Thank you!"
"Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great."
"Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville!"
"Remember, official campaign merchandise (hats, apparel etc.) can only be bought at https://t.co/SXUUL7l8vp. Be careful, don't get ripped-off"
"New poll by ABC News/Washington Post  TRUMP 32  CARSON 22  RUBIO 10  BUSH 7  Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one?"
"I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. @ABC will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll  N.H.  TRUMP 28 (up 10)  CARSON 16  BUSH 9  RUBIO 6  CRUZ 5  Press will say they are surging!"
".@GMA at 7:00 A.M."
".@MonicaCrowley you were GREAT on @seanhannity tonight. Thank you for the nice words!"
"I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!"
".@seanhannity at 10:00."
".@KarlRove  Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!"
"I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!"
"Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!"
"Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp; sharper"
"It's really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!"
"Best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the way @megynkelly and her puppets unfairly treat ""us"" is don't watch her show!"
"Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on @FoxNews  at 6:00 P.M."
"Just reported by CNN that ""the Trump halo effect""  caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true!"
"It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!"
"I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews - Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again!"
"Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Big statement made by Chris!"
"I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn @pennjillette hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!"
"Does everyone remember   @MittRomney and his famous remarks about ""self-deportation"" and ""47%"". He was done. I don't need his angry advice!"
".@MittRomney and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!"
".@MittRomney  can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible ""choke"" loss to Obama!"
.@FoxNewsSunday
"Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?"
"This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun."
"Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard!"
"On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location)  on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!"
"Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks"
"I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!"
".@KatrinaPierson, you did a fantastic job tonight on @FoxNews. Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation!"
"Rumor has it that the grubby head of failing @VanityFair Magazine, ""Sloppy"" Graydon Carter, is going to be fired or replaced very soon?"
".@scottienhughes  Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!"
".@EricTrump was FANTASTIC on @foxandfriends this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!"
".@CNBC has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!"
"Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I don't watch"
".@marcthiessen is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!"
"Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt &amp; Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates"
"Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there."
"Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!"
"Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate"
"Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!"
"Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!"
"Good move by Bernie S."
"The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc."
"All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage."
"Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate"
"O'Malley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance."
"Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way."
"Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebate"
"Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared.   #DemDebate"
"We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!"
"Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows, maybe a star will be born (unlikely)"
"The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp; CHINA?"
"Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!"
"Someone should inform @CNN that, despite spending millions of $'s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!"
"At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!"
"Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!"
"Great, everyone is saying I did much better on @60Minutes  last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!"
"President Obama was terrible on @60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!"
"I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!"
"Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!"
"I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!"
"Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!"
"Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!"
"Will be interviewed on ""Media Buzz"" with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at 11:00 A.M."
"Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!"
"Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  It's not going to happen with anyone else."
"Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very  important job!"
"Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!"
".@stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!"
"If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!"
"Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!"
"Don't ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!"
"For all of my fantastic  supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!"
"I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win!"
"Will be interviewed by @chucktodd on @meetthepress at 10:30 A.M."
"Will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @ABC    at 10:00 A.M."
"The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!"
"Rubio was very disloyal to Bush, his mentor, when he decided to run against him. Both said they ""love"" each other.They don't - word is hate!"
"Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other, as I knew they would, in order to be the last ""establishment"" man standing against me.Great"
"Thank you @megynkelly for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!"
"Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!"
"I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!"
"My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings."
"I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. Many things, mostly bad, to talk about!"
"Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon!"
"Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!"
"Just read that ""Trump"" has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!"
"I watched lightweight Senator  Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!"
"Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!"
"Hope we all enjoy  @60Minutes tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!"
"Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or, very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed."
"Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration, knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals!"
"I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!"
".@megynkelly, the @FoxNews   poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others, Time, Drudge, Slate etc. said I came in 1st."
"Just watched @marcorubio on television. Just another all talk, no action, politician. Truly doesn't have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen."
"Will be on @Morning_Joe at 6:30 A.M."
"Will be on @CNN at 7:00 A.M."
"I will be the featured guest on the season opener of  @60Minutes this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!"
"Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!"
"I think @megynkelly should take another eleven day ""unscheduled"" vacation."
"Do you ever notice that lightweight @megynkelly constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally  sexist. She is highly overrated!"
"Senator Marco ""amnesty"" Rubio, who has worst voting record in Senate, just hit me on national security-but I said don't go into Iraq. VISION"
"2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32, CARSON 12, BUSH 11, FIORINA 6, RUBIO 5, CRUZ 5. Taken after debate"
".@RichLowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking  heads - he doesn't have a clue!"
"I am having a really hard time watching @FoxNews."
".@oreillyfactor, why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!"
".@oreillyfactor was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC. @FoxNews not good for me!"
"The @TODAYshow refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used @CNN numbers where my lead is smaller."
"Will be on @foxandfriends  now. Enjoy!"
"Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres."
"We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before!"
"I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far.   Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!"
"I have been leading big in all  polls, with two more today, @nbc and @CNN. The NBC poll is more than double next,  at 29%. Fiorina has 11%."
"There is no way that Carly  Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!"
"I will be on @meetthepress at 10:30. @nbc will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results, I should do well-who knows?"
"On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!"
"Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great"
"If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!"
"If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!"
"This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something."
"Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!"
"Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!"
"Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe @CNN is ""milking"" it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage!"
"I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!"
"Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!"
"Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said ""NO"". Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!"
"Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!"
"Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!"
"Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!"
"Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?"
"Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00. Enjoy!"
"The Tonight Show @nbc will be amazing - 11:30 P.M.  ENJOY!"
"Wow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group, and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me"
"I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!"
"See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!"
"Looking forward to being with @SenTedCruz at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!"
"Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!"
"Remember, I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center"
"Thank you @scottienhughes for your powerful words on @FoxNews. I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN  together!"
".@club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?"
"I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran."
"The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!"
"Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!"
"The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!"
"If the presidential election were held today, according to this @surveyusa poll, Donald Trump would defeat any Dem: http://t.co/wmfHKnNSWm"""
"The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!"
"By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!"
"Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED"
"Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just can't read speeches!"
"Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasn't even see through glass, it was black"
"Saudi Arabia was ""vehemently"" against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?"
"Just announced that because of ""Trump"", advertising rates for debate on @CNN are going from $5000 to $200,000, a 4000% increase.PAY CHARITY?"
"Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on @CNN. He is just a 3rd rate ""gotcha"" guy!"
"Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman, Abu Bake al-Baghdad, Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical ""gotcha"" questions"
"The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast,  before it is too late!"
".@MeghanMcCain was terrible on @TheFive yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. @FoxNews can do so much better!"
"Will be on @Morning_Joe in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy!"
"The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!"
".@brithume, I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks"
"Will be interviewed on @GMA this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!"
"When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been"
"The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!"
"Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on @oreillyfactor, you would think I'm doing poorly. @FoxNews"
"Why does @oreillyfactor and @FoxNews always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election"
"The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only @FoxNews has not reported this? Too bad!"
"150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal."
"President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!"
"Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info"
"Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!"
"Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!"
"Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!"
"Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!"
"Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN."
"Will be interviewed by @SarahPalinUSA tonight at 10:00 on OAN Network. Enjoy!"
"Great job tonight on @FoxNews Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again  @tperkins"
"Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about!"
"Great job on @CNN tonight @heytana. We are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places."
"Will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!"
"Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!"
"Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you!"
".@GovernorPataki did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls"
"Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a ""fence."" It's not a fence, Jeb, it's a WALL, and there's a BIG difference!"
"Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!"
"In a clumsy move to get out of his ""anchor babies"" dilemma, where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it, he blamed ASIANS"
"Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!"
"I liked The Kelly File much better without @megynkelly. Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!"
".@megynkelly must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!"
"Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump."
"As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A."
"New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember ""read my lips, no more taxes""). GREATNESS!"
"Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just can't get it right!"
"Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on women's health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing."
"Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border, most other candidates are finally  speaking up. Just politicians!"
"It has just been confirmed by  the City of Mobile, Alabama, that there were 30,000 people at last nights event, making it  #1for pol season."
"How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!"
"Thank you to the @washingtonpost for the accurate and very discriptive  story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!"
"I had 15,000 people in Phoenix but @politico said ""the rooms capacity is just over 2000."" But said Bernie  Sanders had 11,000 in same room."
".@politico covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth!"
"Alabama was great last night, amazing people. 30,000 folks  was largest crowd of political season. Nice!"
"Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful!"
"Leaving for Mobile, Alabama, right now - can't be late!"
"How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right!"
"Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term ""anchor babies,"" offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself!"
"Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!"
"We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
".@TomLlamasABC cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members &amp; criminals"
"@ABCPolitics must apologize. My statement ""we're going to get them out so fast, so quick"" applied to hard core criminals &amp; gang members. LIE"
"Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together!"
".@MarkSteynOnline - Thank you and great job on @seanhannity tonight!"
"I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Why does @FoxNews keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!"
"Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!"
"In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids."
"Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!"
".@SenTedCruz had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul."
".@ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor. Better luck tomorrow!"
"Why is @RandPaul allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?"
"We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!"
"Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!"
"Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal  bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!"
".@KathieLGifford, Melania  and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!"
"I will be interviewed on @TODAY Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20."
"Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family."
"It amazes me that other  networks seem to treat me so much better than @FoxNews. I brought them the biggest ratings in history, &amp; I get zip!"
"I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!"
"Small crowds at @RedState today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money"
"Almost universal support that ""Trump won the debate."" Only @FoxNews is consistantly fighting the Trump win, and I got them the ratings!"
"Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!"
"Re Megyn Kelly quote: ""you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever"" (NOSE). Just got on w/thought"
"So many ""politically correct"" fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!"
"@TIME poll: @realDonaldTrump winner of last night's debate by wide margin.. 45% v.12% @RealBenCarson, 10% @JohnKasich http://t.co/mzR62luvWq"
"I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @FoxNews trio, especially @megynkelly, was not very good or professional!"
".@FrankLuntz, your so-called ""focus groups"" are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!"
"Wow, @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch."
".@FrankLuntz I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins @DRUDGE_REPORT &amp; @TIME  so where did you find that dumb panel."
".@FrankLuntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!"
"Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:3O. Enjoy!"
"Thank you @krauthammer for your nice comments on @oreillyfactor. A lot of progress is being made!"
"Bush is pretending that the ""Trump surge"" is great for him and the @nytimesworld is  reporting Bush ""delight"" - con job, a Bush nightmare!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!"
"I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?"
"Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat."
"I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!"
"I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!"
"Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!"
"So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!"
".@CNN  Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me."
".CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics  Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy"
"Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees."
".@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep."
"Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so"
".@TheBrodyFile was fantastic tonight on @CNN. Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @CNN. Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down."
"Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. There is so much to talk about!"
".@ScottWalker is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc."
"Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing @HuffingtonPost (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy @ariannahuff must be thrilled!"
"The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!"
"Big poll just out by @TheEconomist has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!"
"Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!"
".@BillKristol   Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!"
"What a waste of time being interviewed by @andersoncooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue!"
"Boycott @Macys, no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!"
".@AC360  Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!"
".@tedcruz you were terrific on @seanhannity tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow."
".@FrankLuntz knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!"
"I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!"
"Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!"
"Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead!  Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Wow, new @ABCnews/@WashingtonPost @GOP preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you."
"I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc."
"I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous  energy!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"
"The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!"
"The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk."
"John McCain called thousands of people ""crazies"" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!"
"I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT."
"The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but @CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics is just plain dumb!"
"Ratings starved @CNN and @CNNPolitics does not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard!"
"Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"It's driving @ariannahuff &amp; the money losing @HuffingtonPost post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!"
"The liberal clown  @ariannahuff told her minions at the money losing @HuffingtonPost to cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll."
"Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns."
"I hope the boycott of @Macys continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A."
"I loved firing goofball atheist Penn @pennjillette on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness."
"I hear @pennjillette show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice,  show would have died long ago."
"Irrelevant clown @KarlRove sweats and shakes nervously on @FoxNews as he talks ""bull"" about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in '12."
"I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!"
"Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. It's time, he has paid a big and very long price!"
"When will people, and the media, start to apologize to me for my statement, ""Mexico is sending...."", which turned out to be true?  El Chapo"
"....likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico    through the border. We get the killers, drugs &amp; crime, they get the money!"
"El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a  vacuum cleaner, sucking drugs and death right into the U.S."
"The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our ""leaders"" can't say no!"
".....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!"
"Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison, everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!"
"I hear that sleepy eyes @chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long!"
"...Trump, however, would kick his ass!"
"Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat, so they let them in. A GREAT day!"
"Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15,000 people in 4,000 code room."
"Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America."
"Boycott @Macys and @Univision. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Has anyone seen the financials of @Univision. They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!"
"I love that thousands of people are boycotting @Macys and cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it!"
"Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people, now many thousands!"
"Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!"
"You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?"
"Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100,000 fee and $20,000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice!"
"Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit  @krauthammer said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!"
"I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals &amp; more!"
"We have got to take our country back. It's time!"
"I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S."
"Thank you @loudobbsnews, I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!"
"Miss Universe, Paulina Vega, criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration, but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite"
"Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!"
"What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!"
"HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"I will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30. Enjoy!"
"Wow, Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you, but the work has just begun!"
"Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!"
"As Governor of Texas, Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's O.K., I like him anyway!  @GovernorPerry"
"I love the Mexican people, but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!"
"We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also, Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN!"
"Remember, Univision apologized!"
"Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us, gone!  @AlWaleedbinT"
".@NYDailyNews, the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman, puts me on the cover daily because I sell. My honor, but it is dead!"
"See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isn't Fusion owned by Univision?"
"Will be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon."
"I'll be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.!"
"Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade!"
".@billmaher: Bill, you are really beginning to understand what is going on with ""Trump"" - actually, you always knew!"
"When you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option!"
"When somebody challenges you unfairly, fight back - be brutal, be tough - don't take it. It is always important to WIN!"
"Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K."
"I hear that dopey political pundit, Lawrence O'Donnell, one of the dumber people on television, is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad"
"We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!"
"My message, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our VETS!"
"My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her, and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka!"
".@WhoopiGoldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death!"
"The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to  sleep. Dead T.V."
"I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why ""Trump"" poll numbers are high."
"Just out, the new nationwide @FoxNews poll has me alone in 2nd place, closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!"
"Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers"
"The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first."
"I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks of @foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!"
"Sadly, I will no longer be doing @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!"
".@KarlRove still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue! @FoxNews"
".@KarlRove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought @FoxNews was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?"
"The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son, Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. Mike was a total pro!"
".@MarthaRaddatz was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week. @GStephanopoulos should not allow this conduct!"
".@KarlRove, who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race, said I'm not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl!"
"Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?"
"Thank you @AnnCoulter for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols don't get it. Make America Great Again!"
"My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1"
"Druggies, drug dealers, rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty?"
"Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!"
"I like Mexico and love the spirit of  Mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the U.S."
"Why did @DanaPerino beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched?"
"Big time in U.S. today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back."
"Tomorrow will be a really big day for America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Remember, politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! Controlled by lobbyists &amp; donors"
"Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!"
"Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again!"
"Dummy political pundit @krauthammer constantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING!"
".@krauthammer pretends to be a smart guy, but if you look at his record, he isn't. A dummy who is on too many Fox shows. An overrated clown!"
"One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is @krauthammer. A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts"
"I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  ENJOY!"
"For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!"
"I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son, Beau. Met him once, great guy!"
"All the haters and losers must admit that, unlike others,  I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!"
"While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. Too bad!"
"Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast."
"Wow, the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix."
"In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake, but by what you finally accomplish!"
"Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!"
"A quote from the late, great golfer, Sam Snead: ""Practice puts brains in your muscles!"" THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE."
"Will be doing @greta interview  tomorrow. So much to talk about!"
"I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed  (but future NYC treasure) course. Great job ""D"""
"The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!"
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M."
"I would like to wish everyone, including all haters and losers (of which, sadly, there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day!"
"Nobody understands politicians like I do - all talk and no action. They will never get our country where it needs to be, truly great again!"
"Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well  think BIG!"
"I told @megynkelly that @oreillyfactor and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad!"
"Why Donald Trump Wont Touch Your Entitlements: DES MOINES, IowaDonald Trump says if he runs for p... http://t.co/yxwndtPHbJ"""
".@KirstenPowers  New book is excellent and so true! Congrats!"
".@megynkelly  Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy!"
"There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady"
"WOW, SO NICE AND SO TRUE. THANK YOU! ""@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP2016 TIME TO RETHINK THE CHOICES http://t.co/TdMlFuOFjI"""
"A MUST WATCH - TRULY BEAUTIFUL! ""@PrivateCaddie: Amazing Turnberry Ailsa course changes from @realDonaldTrump #Golf https://t.co/kKoBOzWIwv"""
"Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq ""was not a mistake."" He looked clueless!"
"I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Wow, ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it.  Such a waste."
"I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to ""love"" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols"
"Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace @FoxNews concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb"
"Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!"
"I am in Iowa today, great STATE, fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches, big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
".@BillRancic  Bill, fantastic job this morning on @foxandfriends - you are a total winner and I am proud of you as first Apprentice CHAMP!"
"I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq, and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse."
"Failure isnt fatal, but failure to change might be  John Wooden"
"Going to New Hampshire, all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!"
"I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this, he is not having fun!"
"My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A."
"We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians, ENOUGH"
"I am the BEST builder, just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!"
"TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads, airports, tunnels, bridges, electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20% of pols, &amp; better"
"Remember, politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp; donors control all!"
"The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. I know how to build, pols only know how to talk!"
"Amtrak crash near Philadelphia, train derails -many hurt, some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols can't solve!"
"Jeb Bush really blew his interview with @megynkelly - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous  Iraq war all over again"
"What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!"
"One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post @TheFix. Moron hates my poll numbers"
"Why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country, while at the same time leaving the losers alone? STUPID!"
"People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They can't beat him on the field, so this!"
"Can you imagine, we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership!"
"They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or #patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce Emails, why should Tom? Very unfair!"
".@foxandfriends in 5 minutes."
"Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart!"
"A great job by @RickieFowlerPGA in winning The Players yesterday. Finally, your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open."
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning. Plenty to talk about!"
"How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!"
"Big crowds, standing ovations in South Carolina - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"My two sons, Eric &amp; Don, have long been expert hunters &amp; marksmen @NRA. They go on safaris &amp; give animals to the poor &amp; starving villagers!"
".@tuckercarlson is doing a really good job on Fox, especially when talking politics. He has come a long way fast!"
"Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!"
".@nyrangers did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions!"
"Thank you @ASavageNation and keep up the great work!"
"Great job tonight @ericbolling"
".@kilmeade  It was great being with you on @foxandfriends this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work!"
"The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!"
".@Franklin_Graham:  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all."
".@PamelaGeller is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy, go get them and make them pay. No signals, just do it!"
"I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will   fight hard for victory if I do!"
"Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast, before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory."
"What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of Jesus? Oh really, be cool!"
"The U.S. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. BE SMART"
"Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why  taunt, over and over again, in order to provoke possible death to audience. DUMB!"
"I will be interviewed at 7:00 A.M. on @foxandfriends - Enjoy."
"I am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. Our cities need help, and fast. They are crumbling!"
"Just got back from Las Vegas. @TrumpLasVegas Hotel was fantastic in every way, but the fight was a total waste of time. The aggressor lost?"
".@FloydMayweather  Good luck tonight Floyd."
"The racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television."
"Baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. Jobs, jobs, jobs!"
".@SheriffClarke  Great insight  in dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason, a real pro!"
"@realDonaldTrump  I'm an activist, so I'm used 2 that &amp; I always applaud interest,but the people I know admire Trump""  Thank you, nice."
"Plans to build wind farm near Trump Turnberry in Scotland have been dropped. GREAT! @GolfDigest  @GolfweekMag @GolfChannel @ESPNGolf"
".@canoetravel  Also, the very obsolete, ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in Aberdeen. No longer works. @GolfChannel"
"If the working, proud and productive people of our country don't start exerting their authority and views, the U.S. as we know it is doomed!"
"Why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street, naked. Why no riots here?"
"Billions of dollars spent on Baltimore and it's still a total mess. Leadership is needed, not dollars. Our whole country is going to hell!"
".@CGasparino  Good seeing you. Keep up the great work, never stop!"
".@NicolleDWallace is really hurting @TheView. She is boring, predictable and has zero television ""it"" - show no longer has ratings, dying!"
"I have been a guest on The View many times when it was  successful show. Now the show is dying for lack of ratings. Too bad!"
"They now say using the word ""thug"" is, like so many other words, not politically correct (even though Obama uses it). It is racist. BULL!"
"I am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People don't want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now!"
"I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?"
"Hopefully there won't be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm, be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.There is just too much to live for!"
"The best social program, by far, is a JOB! Our jobs are being taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader."
"President Obama, you have a big job to do. Go to Baltimore and bring both sides together. With proper leadership, it can be done! Do it."
"Our country has to come together. We have to start working with, and really liking,  each other. The whole world is watching Baltimore."
"The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters ""space to destroy"" - another real genius!"
"Now that the ineffective Baltimore  Police have allowed the city to be destroyed, are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)?"
"Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!"
"Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD!"
"Wow, 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore, some badly! Where is the National Guard. Police must get tough, and fast! Thugs must be stopped."
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends  at 7:00 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire, great people!"
"I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight on @FoxNews - Enjoy!"
"I don't know if Hillary will be able to run, she is a walking time bomb!"
".@PennyPritzker Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that's where China and others are beating us. Best!"
".@NRO  Really important to save National Review from going out of business. We need a true conservative voice!"
".@NRO  Not much is as ""dead"" or irrelevant as National Review thanks to guidance of Goldberg, a total loser! Get some real talent or fold!"
".@WayneDupreeShow  A fantastic guy!"
"Congratulations to @DanaPerino on your book going to number one on Amazon. Great book - Great job!"
"How do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? We don't make anything. We are rapidly losing our manufacturing to China etc."
".@johnhawkinsrwn  Great speaking to you today, we will speak again soon."
"@apageor2  Very good, must be tough!"
"Do you notice that the polling establishment doesn't put me in polls, but put in folks who hardly register. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"@Ex369PPD  Thank you!"
"I want to negotiate my own, and much better, trade deals for our country. MUST INCLUDE CURRENCY MANIPULATION (and more). DO NOT LET PASS!"
"I'm getting The Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!  @BretBaier"
".@JonahNRO  You should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing National Review instead of focusing on me. Work hard!  @NRO"
".@NRO @JonahNRO  Wow, just looked at the stats for National Review. Dying fast, doing very little business. Save this conservative voice!"
".@stephenfhayes: I heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in New Hampshire. You just don't  have what it takes! @JoeNBC"
"National Review @NRO may  be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by @JonahNRO. No talent means death - sad!"
".@megynkelly   Sorry, there was only one ""breakout star"" this weekend in New Hampshire. Just check out the local New Hampshire media!"
"Jonah Goldberg @JonahNRO of the once great @NRO #National Review is truly dumb as a rock. Why does  @BretBaier put this dummy on his show?"
"As I have long been saying, South Africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. Just watch the evening news (when not talking weather)."
"We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? Really dumb!"
"We are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran &amp; others-sending ships.  How much are they going to pay us toward this protection."
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 30 minutes. Some very interesting topics."
"Just returned from New Hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! Wonderful people who truly love the U.S.A."
"For all of the haters and losers out there sorry, I never went Bankrupt -- but I did build a world class company and employ many people!"
".@georgewillf is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. Got thrown off ABC like a dog. At Mar-a-Lago he was a total bust!"
"I do what I do out of pure enjoyment. Hopefully, nobody does it better. Theres a beauty to making a great deal. It's my canvas."
".@BretBaier   Why do you have George Will on your show - he's exhausted, boring and not even a little relevant! Waste of good air-time!"
"Great seeing @MarianoRivera w/@realDonaldTrump at @TrumpTowerNY for @EricTrumpFdn! http://t.co/voxkcptRf6. http://t.co/qsltrsG3WQ"""
".kimguilfoyle - great job tonight!"
"Marco Rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in Miami - proper plan. Sweating profusely!"
"Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning - enjoy!"
"How do third rate talents with no smarts like @ron_fournier get so much time on television news. Boring guy - really bad for ratings!"
"Wow, Mitt Romney didn't  know that Rand Paul was in the race for president. Very strange! @FoxNews"
"A great @The Masters. The course looks so beautiful. Fantastic for golf and television ratings!"
".@T-Mobile has so many service complaints - a total joke!"
".@TMobile gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check."
"Thanks @JamersonHayes, they are all total losers with nothing going for them!"
".@TMobile  You service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball!  @JohnLegere"
".@JohnLegere  T-Mobile service is terrible! Why can't you do something to improve it for your customers. I don't want it in my buildings."
"Without passion, you don't have energy; without energy, you have nothing. Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion!"
"South Carolina and the audience were GREAT - THANKS!"
"Heading to South Carolina now - meeting with fantastic people!"
"@markraymond  Thanks Mark, they will!"
".@BretBaier  Thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. Many people watched and commented."
"The NRA in Nashville today was amazing. Packed house and standing ovation for Trump. THANKS!"
".@ericbolling did a fantastic job on O'Reilly tonight. Way to go Eric!"
"Off to Nashville and the NRA."
".@BretBaier  I will be interviewed by Bret (on Fox) tonight at 6:00. Watch, it will be good!"
"I will be speaking at the NRA event today in Nashville. Many friends will be there."
"ExclusiveDonald Trump: Obama 'Totally Out-Negotiated' by Iran, Taliban, 'Virtually Every Country in the World' - http://t.co/FrtuGriGUo"""
"Will be doing a big interview tonight with Bret Baier at 6:00 P.M. on Fox. Don't miss it!"
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Leaving now - I'm spending the entire day in Iowa - great people, great state!"
"Wow, the respected Monmouth University poll has me ahead of most Republican candidates nationwide, and most people don't think I'm running!"
"Many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. They should.be weeded out!"
"How much money is the  extremely unattractive (both inside and out) Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name?"
"As dishonest as @RollingStone is I say @HuffingtonPost is worse. Neither has much money -  sue them and put them out of business!"
".@serenawilliams we look forward to being with you, a truly great champion, tomorrow at Trump National D.C. for the Tennis Center dedication"
"Will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. ENJOY!"
".@ShawnJohnson have a great Easter, you are a real champion!"
"I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter!"
"Have a fantastic, beautiful and happy Easter everyone and then, when Easter is over, have great wins and triumphs in life. Never give up!"
"That Saturday Night Live is able to joke about the Germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. They should apologize to all of those  suffering!"
"The Iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the United States and the world. It does nothing but make Iran rich and will lead to catastrophe"
"Each day that Iran delays the deal, if that is what you call it, we must add another sanction, and make them progressively tough."
"Turn on @oreillyfactor now  and enjoy true brilliance!"
"I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Enjoy!"
"The girlfriend of Lubitz, the  wacko co-pilot who took down the plane, knew he was insane and should have reported him. Put her through hell"
"Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. U.S. has to get tough!"
"If Saudi Arabia, which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil, wants our help and protection, they must pay dearly! NO FREEBIES."
"Pres. Obama was touting Yemen as a great success story - it just fell. Obama doesn't know what he is doing. Saudi Arabia is in big trouble."
"Go to @greta show - will be talking about OPO and plenty else - ENJOY!"
"I am on @greta now!"
"Will be on @megynkelly tonight at 9:00. WILL BE TALKING ABOUT EVERYTHING!"
"Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 15 minutes! Enjoy."
".@foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M."
"Wow, little Mac Miller has almost 100 million views on his song, ""Donald Trump."" Keep pushing Mac and come up with another hit - just do it!"
"The problem with the U.S. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. Every nation beats us!"
"Just as I have been saying for MANY years, and while they phony negotiate with the U.S. over nuclear, Iran is taking over Iraq. Really sad!"
"The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks"
"Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 5 minutes."
"Today's final round of the WGC Cadillac Championship will be amazing. A lot of pressure on leader, who has played great. Big names hunting!"
"Mexico's court system  corrupt.I want nothing to do with Mexico other than to build an impenetrable WALL and stop them from ripping off U.S."
"Ringling Brothers is phasing out their elephants. I,for one, will never go again. They probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs"
"Trump National Doral will have big crowds this weekend for the WGC. THE BLUE MONSTER IS READY FOR THE WORLD'S TOP FIFTY PLAYERS!"
"All 50 of the WORLD'S TOP 50 PLAYERS will be at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL on Thursday - Sunday for the Cadillac World Golf Championship."
"The Mexican legal system is corrupt, as is much of Mexico. Pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our border"
"The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever,  WORLD'S LONGEST NEGOTIATION. Obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent!"
"The Oscars are a sad joke, very much like our President. So many things are wrong!"
"What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past, just plain bad!"
"Worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the Oscars. Show is terrible, really BORING!"
"Going to The Citadel tonight - getting The Nathan Hale Patriot Award. Very nice!"
".@TrumpDoral will be featured on @GolfChannel this morning (now)."
"Record setting cold and snow, ice caps massive! The only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols."
"President Obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against Grand Master Chess champions. Very sad to watch!"
"Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE"
"The winner of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Show, Miss P, will be coming to my office this morning."
"Jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! LIVE AT 8 P.M.  #CELEBRITYAPPRENTICE"
"Paulina @MissUniverse Vega will be introduced tonight at the Finale of Celebrity Apprentice.She is a great beauty and a monster star in S.A."
"Apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night!"
"Wow, 25 degrees below zero, record cold and snow spell. Global warming anyone?"
".#Celebrityapprentice will be live tomorrow night. Entire cast will be there. Who do you like to win?"
"As a former host of Saturday Night Live, I look forward to attending tonight!"
"Record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING?"
".#CelebrityApprentice Two hour live show on Monday night will determine who will become the winner of Celebrity Apprentice.Full cast returns"
"@RealDonaldTrump stands in defense of @ScottWalker's college record @DraftWalker16 Donald J. Trump stands in... http://t.co/53SRcOPW9R"""
"Who should win Celebrity Apprentice on Monday night? Show will be telecast LIVE!"
"Let Pete Rose into the Hall of Fame now - 35 years is enough!"
"Brian Williams, who is not the nice guy that people think he is, has now become totally irrelevant. He will never again hold court!"
"I have long stated that Brian Williams was not a very smart guy - all you have to do is look at his past. Now he has proven me correct!"
"Why did @oreillyfactor give @davidaxelrod so much time to sell his third rate book. Bill should have hit stammering David MUCH harder! Waste"
".@davidaxelrod  I hope your book is better than the Obama second book, but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me - but no big deal, boring!"
".@davidaxelrod, use Buffet, Icahn, Sam Zell, Leon Black, Kravis, Caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws, not me!"
"Watched @davidaxelrod on @oreillyfactor and the dog hit me even after I made a big contribution to his charity. I never went bankrupt!"
"Celebrity Apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season. Watch tonight at 8:00."
"I predicted Rosie O'Donnell would fail at the View, and was right. Now I predict Rosie will take over for Brian Williams!"
"Word is that Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd, who has failed so badly with Meet the Press, will be taking over for now irrelevant Brian Williams!"
"Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00."
"It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process!"
"I wonder if Marshawn Lynch will now speak and call some  coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard?"
"Love that Patriots won - Brady is best ever! Seahawks pass    was DUMBEST play in the history of football! Great going COACH B!"
"I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl but looking even more forward to Monday night at 8:00 - best episode EVER of Celebrity Apprentice!"
"I hope you can go to @oreillyfactor and vote for Donald Trump in order to Make America Great Again! Thanks."
"@Patti_Page Thanks Patti, I hope they vote @oreillyfactor"
".@oreillyfactor - bad and very deceptive journalism. Show must be heading in wrong direction, too bad!  @SarahPalinUSA"
".@SarahPalinUSA was 100% correct when she stated that @oreillyfactor used us in day long tease to get people to watch, but we were not on!"
"Getting ready to go on @KellyandMichael - two great people!"
"I guess Rupert Murdoch and the @nypost don't like Donald Trump. Such false reporting about my big hit in Iowa. Even my enemies said ""bull."""
"Wow, I have always liked the @nypost but they have really lied when they covered me in Iowa. Packed house, standing O, best speech! Sad."
"Going over to @ABC to do LIVE  at 9:00."
"So many people have told me that I should host Meet the Press and replace the moron who is on now. Just too busy, especially next 10 years!"
"Apprentice = big hit. Miss Universe = Big hit. I always get big ratings. If I hosted Meet the Press instead of Sleepy Eyes,a smash! @NBCNews"
"I am convinced that sleepy eyes Chuck Todd was only a placeholder for someone else at Meet the Press. He bombed, franchise in ruins! @nbc"
"President Obama, our great leader, wants to declare martial law in New York City as a means of helping out with the ""massive"" storm."
"Wow, the final ratings for the Miss Universe Pageant show that it won in all key demos - number one on Sunday. I have a winner!"
"As usual, the ""storm of the century"" was not nearly as bad as forecast. What a waste of time, energy and money!"
"Watch Celebrity Apprentice, on NOW!"
"Celebrity Apprentice in 15 minutes - don't miss it!"
"Two of the best ever episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 8. Totally vicious and crazy! I will live tweet."
"Where the hell is global warming when you need it?"
"Get ready for the Apprentice tonight - TWO AMAZING EPISODES. I will be live tweeting!"
"Word is that @NBCNews is firing sleepy eyes Chuck Todd in that his ratings on Meet the Press are setting record lows. He's a real loser!"
"New episode starting now!"
"Joan Rivers on The Apprentice tonight at 8:00. I will be live tweeting. JOAN WAS GREAT!"
".@foxandfriends  in five minutes!"
"The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!"
"I will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!"
"I look forward to being in South Carolina tomorrow, a total sellout crowd!"
"Monday night at 8:00 will be must see television. Our wonderful Joan Rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the Apprentice. AMAZING!"
"The episode of the Apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....Joan Rivers stars, and she is and does GREAT!  Next Monday night at 8:00"
"Despite what the haters and losers like to say, I never filed for bankruptcy but WOW, the preeminent gaming company, Caesars, just did."
"If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hebdo would have just waited, the magazine would have folded - no money, no success!"
"Charlie Hebdo reminds me of the ""satirical"" rag magazine Spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt. Charlie was also broke!"
"Some of the women on Celebrity Apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. Watch tonight!"
"Tonight at 8:00 is a really big one for a double episode of  Celebrity Apprentice. Watch, you won't believe what happens!"
"Remember, @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. and Celebrity Apprentice at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"
"Will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00."
"Get ready for two amazing episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow night (Monday) at 8:00. Some incredible things happen!"
"The French police are afraid to go into many  communities. How did France let this all happen, and how did the female terrorist ever escape?"
".@ximenaNR  Great job, we are all proud of you - one of our all time BEST!"
"You may want to watch David Letterman tonight - I am on!"
"It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!"
"Goodnight everyone, sleep tight!"
"Politicians are ALL TALK, NO ACTION!  ---  just look at our country."
"Who is paying for that tedious Smokey Bear commercial that is on all the time - enough already!"
"Almost no news organizations are showing the ""satirical"" pictures. Gee, I wonder why? The media is usually so brave!"
"I would like to thank @GolfMagazine for the really nice review of Trump National Doral - Best Renovation of the Year (and maybe all time)."
"Remember, after this, new episode starts - 5 MINUTES!"
"I will be live tweeting!"
"Celebrity Apprentice starts in 15 minutes on NBC. ENJOY!"
"Remember, tonight (Monday), the second and third episodes of The Apprentice are on at 8:00 &amp; 9:00. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!"
"I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Will be talking about many things, including The Apprentice!"
"I will be LIVE tweeting tomorrow (MONDAY) nights TWO shows starting at 8:00 P.M. They are both great."
"This show was taped just before the terrible Bill Cosby revelations came to light.She still should have asked him for money-goes to charity."
"Hope you liked it. Tune in tomorrow night at 8:00 and 9:00 for two episodes and two boardrooms! Will be a great evening of television!"
"How do you like the boardroom so far?"
"This boardroom gets CRAZY! These people are wild"
"Who do you like - hate so far?"
"It's still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special!"
"This is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. You will soon see!"
"Everyone is asking me to cover The Apprentice LIVE on twitter. I will do so. Tonight 9 to 11. IT WILL BE A GREAT EVENING OF TELEVISION!"
"I will be commenting LIVE on Sunday night (9 to 11) on TWITTER - Celebrity Apprentice will be great this season - amazing cast!"
"I just saw the movie ""Unbroken"" -- very good except I thought the ending was weak, no retribution! And we complain about waterboarding."
"The Mar-a-Lago Club was amazing tonight. Everybody was there, the biggest and the hottest. Palm Beach is so lucky to have best club in world"
"To EVERYONE, including all haters and losers, HAPPY NEW YEAR. Work hard, be smart and always remember,  WINNING TAKES CARE OF EVERYTHING!"
".@CoachDanMullen  Great to have you and your GREAT team at Trump National Doral. Go out and finish your fantastic season in style!"
"@foxandfriends in two minutes."
"Can the relationship between the mayor of New York City and the police force ever be fixed?  Tune in to @foxandfriends at 7:15."
"I will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:15"" Hope you enjoy and agree!"
"Merry Christmas to all - have a fantastic day, year and life! The World, with great leadership, will become a much more beautiful place!"
"So many people think I will not run for President.Wow, I wonder what the response will be if I do. Even the haters and losers will be happy!"
"Dummy Bill Maher did an advertisement for the failing New York Times where the picture of him is very sad-he looks pathetic, bloated &amp; gone!"
"On @foxandfriends in two minutes!"
"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning - Monday - at  8:00. Much to talk about!"
"How many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending #SmokeyBearHug commercial. How much is govt. spending?"
"I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - in 10 minutes. HAVE A GREAT DAY ALL!"
"@TheRevAl  @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/VzAPDwP6nE""  Al Sharpton loves ""Trump"" because he knows I get him, others don't! Check out picture."
"No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal."
"Can you believe that Sony chief Amy Pascal wants to meet with Al Sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs. Al is laughing at her!"
"The Jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick, who will be really good. It will just never change for them!"
"Isn't it interesting that immediately after September 11th, everybody was asking for, and indeed demanding, torture of any kind. No reports!"
"When terrorists are beheading and executing American citizens in such a brutal way,the report on torture should be the least of our concerns"
"The terrorists cut off the heads of Americans and laugh, then want to sell us the bodies for $1,000,000. We fight over sleep deprivation!"
"Conde Nast made a big mistake going into the World Trade Center. The place is a total disaster, and I feel this is only the beginning!"
"People are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new World Trade Center. Durst is a terrible manager. Tenants furious!"
"Durst is a disaster at operating the new World Trade Center. It takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security."
"President Obama, Gruber and all of the other Obama cronies got ObamaCare passed by lies and fraudulent statements. Courts should overturn!"
"Sorry, @Rosie is a mentally sick woman, a bully, a dummy and, above all, a loser. Other than that she is just wonderful!"
".@GolfMagazine is great, thanks!"
"Thank you @GolfMagazine for your fantastic review of The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral - ""BEST U.S. RESORT RENOVATION"" - &amp; ""ALL TIME"""
"Wow, @GolfMagazine just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Even better they stated it may be best of all time!"
"Our country and our ""leaders"" are getting dumber all the time. Now they are about to release full documentation on torture. Will destroy CIA"
"They should close down Rolling Stone Magazine after the phony rape charge story. University of Virginia should sue them for big bucks!"
"I'll be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. So much to talk about!"
"THE U.S.G.A. Boy's Junior Champion at Trump National Golf Club, Bedminster, just won The Australian Open. We are proud of you  @JordanSpieth"
"I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  Enjoy!"
"Bill Cosby is foolish, stupid, or getting bad advice in remaining silent if he is innocent. Probably guilty! Not a fan."
"Happy Thanksgiving - I hope everyone can get together to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It won't be easy, nothing is, but it can be done."
"@tiberias84. Thank you! @macy's"
"President Obama has absolutely no control (or respect) over the African American community-they have fared so poorly under his presidency."
"Who is the moron who decided to release the Ferguson grand jury findings after 9:00 o'clock in the evening. What were they thinking?"
"Our country is totally fractured and, with our weak leadership in Washington, you can expect Ferguson type riots and looting in other places"
"Sadly, because president Obama has done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations!"
"As China and the rest of the World continue to rip off the U.S. economically, they laugh at us and our president over the riots in Ferguson!"
"Can you imagine what Putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the U.S. as they watch the Ferguson riot"
"If the decision by the grand jury in Ferguson was the exact opposite, you would still be having the riots right now!"
"Despite having a black president, the racial divide seems greater than it has in decades.If Obama were a  leader, this would not be the case"
"Why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in Ferguson at 9:00 in the evening - a prime time for riots! Not smart."
"Iran and the United States just pushed deadline back SEVEN MONTHS on working out a nuclear deal. Iran is tapping along our bad negotiators!"
"I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - there is much to talk about (sadly)!  Enjoy!"
"Tom Brady played great today. He is a total champ and a really nice guy, a rare combination!"
"Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are racist?"
".@aaronschock  Aaron, it was great to meet you at Trump Tower. Also, really good job on television!"
"I am no fan of Bill Cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent, do not remain silent. You look guilty as hell!"
"There are many Jonathan Gruber types selling the global warming ""stuff"" - and they really do believe the American public is stupid."
"I will be on @foxandfriends  in ten minutes - enjoy!"
"The entire country is  FREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming, and fast! Ice caps size reaches all time high."
"I will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be talking about sleazebag Jonathan Gruber (""Americans are stupid"") &amp; exec order"
". #LaskerRink.  We do not do the maintenance on Lasker Rink, that is done by NEW YORK CITY."
"So Obama's top people responsible for ObamaCare think the American Public is stupid! All based on lies and deception! Repubs should sue."
".@foxandfriends in five minutes.  Enjoy!"
"@HeatherChilders  You are doing a great job Heather!"
"I will be doing @foxandfriends at 8.00 a.m."
"Remember, we don't get any oil from Iraq, China gets whatever ISIS hasn't already taken. So why isn't China sending the troops? Too smart!"
"Do not go back into Iraq unless they agree, in a signed formal instrument, to give the U.S. 50% of their oil reserves.Make the deal dummies!"
"We spent TWO TRILLION DOLLARS in Iraq and got NOTHING. Now we are going back and will again get NOTHING because our leaders are clueless!"
"We are now sending thousands of additional troops to Iraq to teach them how to fight - they will run, billions wasted! WHAT DOES U.S. GET?"
".@MikeAndMike   I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show at 7.05 a.m. (ESPN) - 10 minutes. Will be fun, great guys! Radio and T.V."
".@greta: Look forward to watching Greta's interview tonight at 7.00 p.m. with Marine Andrew Tahmooressi. #Marinefreed"
".@Team_Mitch   Fantastic win, we are all proud of you! Your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not."
"A really bad night for President Obama. Now the Republicans have to get together and get the job done!"
".@FLGovScott: Amazing race, tremendous courage - you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason - you have been a great governor!"
"One year ago I started calling President Obama INCOMPETENT and people thought it was too tough.     Tonight everyone is using that    word!"
"Looking like a really big night for Republicans - a tremendous refutation of President Obama and his failed policies!"
".@Team_Mitch  Congratulations Mitch!"
".@ericbolling  Great job on The Five tonight, and not only because you were so nice to The Apprentice. See you soon and thanks!"
"I will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 8 (not 7)."
".@MattGinellaGC  Don't forget to watch Matt tomorrow on Morning Drive talking about The Blue Monster and Trump Doral. @GolfChannel"
".@SkyscraperLive: Nick, all of the folks at Trump International next door are wishing you well. We will block the strong winds!"
".@MattGinellaGC @GCMorningDrive  Matt will be talking about Trump National Doral tomorrow A.M. Terrific guy, looking forward to it!"
"Wow, so far everyone running for office who I did a ROBOCALL for has taken the lead in the polls -- the smart pols know this. GREAT!"
".@TrumpDoral. Thanks for the many nice statements and to the media and golf critics for the great reviews of the brand new BLUE MONSTER!"
".@JudgeJeanine  Tonight at  9 P.M. on @FoxNews - ENJOY!"
"They finally let our Marine out of a Mexican prison, no thanks to Obama. Way too long. Such an event should never be allowed to happen again"
"The five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for ISIS-BAD DEAL! Courtmarshal"
"Having a truly great imagination is often far more important than having even massive knowledge - but still, never underestimate knowledge!"
"Many of the released Guantanamo detainees are now fighting for ISIS and other enemy groups.We need proper leadership before it is too late!"
"Crazy - Election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. This is very bad (unfair) for Republicans!"
"I told you that the Giants starting Hudson was a mistake. Just got knocked out of the game. I love being right!"
"In game 7 of the World Series tonight, the Giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against K.C., even with two days rest."
"Just out - the POLAR ICE CAPS are at an all time high, the POLAR BEAR population has never been stronger. Where the hell is global warming?"
"The U.S. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the United States under Obama. Nothing works, be it a rocket or website."
"President Obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-U.S. citizens with Ebola to the United States for treatment. Now I know he's nuts!"
"Fox &amp; Friends, going on now - enjoy!"
"Will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00. (30 minutes). A great deal to talk about including Ebola quarantine."
"There are just so many penalties and such long commercials in these NFL games that they are no longer worth watching. Soft hitting &amp; boring!"
"I would absolutely consider investing in Atlantic City again, great and hard working people, but much would have to change-taxes, regs., etc"
"Yes, I won the right to have my name taken off Trump Plaza in A.C. because it was not operated up to a very high standard and NO involvement"
"I made a fortune in Atlantic City, got out years ago (great timing), and havn't been back in many years. I have NOTHING to do with A.C."
"With all that is happening with Ebola, including the doctor who so easily came back to New York, Obama still refuses to stop the flights!"
"The Ebola doctor who just flew to N.Y. from West Africa and went on the subway, bowling and dining is a very SELFISH man-should have known!"
"President Obama, you are a complete and total disaster, but you have a chance to do something great and important: STOP THE FLIGHTS!"
"President Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C. Ebola outbreak, with people flying in from all over the country, but decided to play golf!"
"I never thought I'd say it in my lifetime, but President Barack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Sotoro, is a far worse president than Jimmy Carter!"
"I have been saying for weeks for President Obama to stop the flights from West Africa. So simple, but he refused. A TOTAL incompetent!"
"Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C., with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with.Obama's fault"
"If this doctor, who so recklessly flew into New York from West Africa,has Ebola,then Obama should apologize to the American people &amp; resign!"
"There is a good possibility that a person who treated patients in West Africa and who FLEW into New York has Ebola. Touched many, bedlam!"
"Double digit premium increases because of ObamaCare. Dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election, but news is spreading fast!"
"Tremendous pressure on President Obama to institute a travel ban on Ebola stricken West Africa. At some point this stubborn dope will fold!"
"I'm going to D.C. today to check on the hotel I'm building on Penn. AVE., and then being honored by the Wharton School of Finance, the BEST!"
"Why are we letting the three girls, who left the U.S. to join ISIS, back into the country? How stupid has our once respected country become!"
"If there is one more Ebola case in the U.S., a full travel ban will be instituted. This common sense move should have been done long ago!"
"The United States troops which were sent to West Africa have only gotten 4 hours of Ebola training - very unfair to them and their families!"
"The United States, under President Obama, has truly become the ""gang that couldn't shoot straight."" Everything he touches turns to garbage!"
"The U.S. accidentally air dropped a large shipment of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of ISIS as enemy laughs! Very sad!"
"Oscar Pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. Another O.J. travesty.The judge is a moron!"
"Wow, one of the all-time greats in fashion, OSCAR DE LA RENTA, has just died at 82. Great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy!"
"Oscar Pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend. Ridiculous decision! Judge couldn't even read her own writings."
"Has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a Mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call?"
"I was never a fan of Bush, in fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama! But Obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president, can't get any worse"
"President Obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time, and the people of the United States are just plain tired of it!"
"I will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00 - 45 minutes. Talking about Ebola, Obama and other strange U.S. happenings!"
"I just returned from Iowa - what a beautiful state. The people are amazing and the event for Congressman Steve King was a great success!"
"Do you believe Obama just said that America would be ""less safe"" with a travel ban from West Africa.This is the thinking of a total mad man!"
"The lobbyist and political hack that President Obama just appointed as the ""Ebola Czar,"" just missed his first major meeting on Ebola-A joke"
"I'm leaving for Iowa now - will be great!"
"If I were president Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. If not,Mexico would pay a price like never before!"
"Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? Perhaps not!"
"14 African nations have totally banned West Africans from entering their nations. Likewise many other nations. But the U.S. = ""COME ON IN"""
"@DailyCaller by @AlexPappas: Donald Trump, Headed To Iowa, Says Ebola Is Further Proof Of Obama's Incompetence http://t.co/syk1ZiGn8y"""
"Obama just appointed an Ebola Czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. A TOTAL JOKE!"
"Looks like Obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from West Africa. What the hell is wrong with this guy?"
".@katyperry  I watched Russell Brand and I think his mind is fried - he looks really bad. Russell is a total joke, a dummy who is lost!"
".@katyperry  Katy, what the hell were you thinking when you married loser Russell Brand. There is a guy who has got nothing going, a waste!"
"The Ebola nurse should NEVER have been allowed to fly to Cleveland and (amazing) back again. Nothing works in our once great country anymore"
"I am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with President Obama's mental health. Why won't he stop the flights. Psycho!"
"It is time for the airline pilots, flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from West Africa. Do it right now!"
"I just had a great victory against lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Most of his case re Trump U. was thrown out or gutted. Little remains"
"I can't believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race."
"A nurse in Dallas who treated Ebola patient Thomas Duncan was allowed to fly to Cleveland.She should never have been so allowed! The real JV"
"With all of the words President Obama just dispensed at his press conference, he didn't say what we all want to hear,""I'LL STOP THE FLIGHTS"""
"Obama still refuses to stop the flights. Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - I say both!"
"So many problems in the U.S. and leadership that is hopeless...and now, on top of everything else, we just hit $18 trillion in debt!"
"As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire, the Obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change (aka global warming)."
"Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter"
"Wow, China exports rise 15% in September. They are laughing at USA!"
".@foxandfriends in 15 minutes!"
"Are NFL games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? In any event, I'm just not watching them much anymore!"
"I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Ebola and ISIS will be topics."
"I don't know if President Obama isn't stopping the flights from Ebola torn West Africa because he is stubborn, stupid, or just doesn't care!"
"Here we go - A healthcare worker who treated Thomas Duncan, the man who flew into the U.S. from West Africa infected with Ebola, caught it!"
"President Obama, NOW, bring our 4000 innocent and ill-trained soldiers home from West Africa, before it is too late, AND STOP THE FLIGHTS!"
"Remember when I said when Saddam Hussein fell - the new leader of Iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the U.S. even more. Welcome ISIS!"
"If a conservative Republican made the mistake that Mrs. Obama just made by calling Braley by the wrong name, it would be the biggest story!"
"Michelle Obama made a terrible mistake in Iowa. When endorsing Bruce Braley before a large crowd, she called him Bruce Bailey seven times."
"Isn't it ridiculous, starting today, new Ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from West Africa. Just stop the flights dummies!"
"Do you notice that because of Ebola, ISIS etc., ObamaCare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out. A disaster!"
"Obama is making the Ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the U.S. by not halting flights from West Africa. Airport testing a joke"
"If you are interested in balancing work and pleasure, you will never succeed!"
"I feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the West Africa to fight Ebola. Their families are up in arms. Not trained."
"Tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing ON NEWS REPORTS the strikes were coming. DUMB"
"China is ripping wealth out Africa and yet, as usual, refuses to put anything back to help with Ebola. ""Let the stupid Americans do it!"" SAD"
"Right now 4000 U.S. troops are stupidly heading to West Africa to help fight Ebola.No help from China, Russia or wealthy African oil nations"
"The U.S. is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from West Africa, with uncertain results. STOP THE FLIGHTS YOU DUMB B's!"
"In a little reported event, China has just overtaken the United States as the NUMBER ONE World economic power! Great going Washington!"
"Even Jimmy Carter just released a statement saying that Obama doesn't have a clue. That has to be a new low!"
"Obama, stop the flights to and from West Africa NOW - before it is too late! Can't you see what's happening? Can you be that thick (stupid)?"
"Can you believe this fool, Dr. Thomas Frieden of CDC, just stated, ""anyone with fever should be asked if they have been in West Africa"" DOPE"
"Obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.ISIS! Why isn't China and Russia helping - they gain so much!"
"I was relentless because, more often than you would think, sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. NEVER GIVE UP!"
"Kentucky has a chance to have the Senate Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell, representing it in Washington. Big power for State. Don't blow it"
"I can't believe Mitch McConnell isn't way up in the Kentucky polls. Massive seniority brings so much power and status to State. Brings K.$'s"
"Despite the ever increasing Ebola disaster, Obama refuses to stop flights from West Africa.It's almost like he's saying F-you to U.S. public"
"I will be on Fox &amp; Friends (@foxandfriends) at 7.00. Fighting Ebola will be a topic!"
"I'm not going to be watching much NFL football anymore. Too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. Focus on other things!"
"What the hell is Obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the U.S.! Is he stupid or arrogant?"
"I don't know what it is, but I'm getting totally bored watching NFL football. Too many penalties and far too soft! T.V. off and back to work"
"The Jets just don't have it. Time for a quarterback change!"
"President Obama, I have an idea! Pretend that West Africa is Israel and then you will be able to stop the Ebola area flights."
"President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now, before it is too late! What the hell is wrong with you?"
"Something very important, and indeed society changing, may come out of the Ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing: NO SHAKING HANDS!"
"This Ebola patient Thomas Duncan, who fraudulently entered the U.S. by signing false papers, is causing havoc. If he lives, prosecute!"
"If Ebola is so non-contagious, how come an NBC cameraman caught it so quickly while over in West Africa? U.S. is behaving very foolishly!"
"Can you believe that President Obama still hasn't stopped the flights and people pouring into the U.S. from West Africa. TERRIBLE PRESIDENT!"
"Really interesting, President Obama was quick to shut down flights to Isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from West Africa!"
"@not_that_actor   Wow Andy, such amazing writing and thought. Thank you!"
"Saw Michael Jordan and Ray Allen today playing golf at Trump National Doral, the Blue Monster. Great guys!"
"Ebola patient Duncan lied on his exit papers by saying he never came into contact with a person with Ebola. He knew he did, and person died."
"How incompetent are our leaders allowing these Ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed!"
"The Ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing. Came into contact with over 100 people.Here we go-I told you so!"
"The brand new hotel at Trump National Doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in Miami.  Enjoy!"
"I just arrived at Trump National Doral in Miami where I'll spend the day checking work just completed by contractors. This place is amazing!"
"Ebola is much easier to transmit than the CDC and government representatives are admitting. Spreading all over Africa-and fast. Stop flights"
"How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled ""Blackish""? Can you imagine the furor of a show, ""Whiteish""! Racism at highest level?"
"Stop flights into the U.S. from West Africa immediately!"
"The woman who is the Secret Service Director looks like she is way over her head.Why can't the president appoint the best and the brightest?"
"The United States must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or Ebola will be all over the United States-a plague like no other!"
"How dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and ill-equipped soldiers over to West Africa to fight Ebola. Stop all flights"
"Here we go! I stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from West Africa. Now we have Ebola in U.S., AND IT WILL ONLY GET WORSE!"
"President Obama should stay out of the Hong Kong protests, we have enough problems in our own country!Can't even properly police White House"
"It wasn't only that Obama saluted a Marine with a cup of coffee in his hand, but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee?"
".@CharlieRymerGC  Charlie, call me - we'll set up a match with Gary and Damon. Doral now finished and doing great!"
"I will be doing @foxandfriends at 7.00 (15 minutes)."
"Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up!"
"I will  be releasing the full interview with a guy named Baxter @antbaxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and @BBCWorld. Clowns!"
"I will be on @foxandfriends Monday morning at 7.00. A lot to talk about!"
"The animal who beheaded the woman in Oklahoma should be given a very fast trial and then the death penalty. The same fate - beheading?"
"I wonder if I run for PRESIDENT, will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN? I say they will!"
"Can you believe we still have not gotten our Marine out of Mexico. He sits in prison while our PRESIDENT plays golf and makes bad decisions!"
"People are loving the new line of Trump ties and shirts at Macy's. Check them out!"
"Watching the Ryder Cup on @GolfChannel. Very interesting and tough matches. Amazing sport, my favorite!"
"According to many, ISIS was given so much time and so many signals as to when we would start bombing that they were able to prepare and hide"
"Good morning. I will be on Fox and Friends at 7.00 (30 minutes). Enjoy! @foxandfriends"
"Our country has become so politically correct that it has lost all sense of direction or purpose. We are unable to move forward painlessly."
"The NFL should have its non-profit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable"
"The NFL image is really tarnished! Now, if the sponsors start leaving and the ratings go down, the NFL will be in big trouble. Boring games!"
"They just called this the biggest scandal in U.S. sports history (GMA). Roger looks really weak and indecisive, must put on a better front!"
"What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate."
"Do you believe that Obama is giving weapons to ""moderate rebels"" in Syria.Isn't sure who they are. What the hell is he doing.Will turn on us"
"Why are we sending thousands of ill-trained soldiers into Ebola infested areas of Africa! Bring the plague back to U.S.? Obama is so stupid."
"Roger Goodell must stop apologizing to everyone who will listen and toughen up. His street smart players are laughing at him and the NFL!"
"@Luigiboria  Congratulations on getting the Miss Universe Pageant to come to Doral/Miami - it will be a great show and a tremendous success!"
"On Mike and Mike, @espn in two minutes!"
"In order to stop the Ebola outbreak in Africa, perhaps the President should put all Africans on ObamaCare rather than sending the troops!"
"Does anybody notice that Atlantic City lost its magic after I left years ago. I had the big boxing, introduced UFC (ask Dana),the best shows"
"Can you believe that the U.S. will be sending 3000 troops to Africa to help with Ebola.They will come home infected? We have enough problems"
"It is so sad to see what has happened to Atlantic City. So many bad decisions by the pols over the years - airport, convention center, etc."
"I left Atlantic City years ago, good timing. Now I may buy back in, at much lower price,  to save Plaza &amp; Taj. They were run badly by funds!"
"I will be on Fox and Friends at.7.00 A.M. Enjoy!"
"I have nothing to do with Atlantic City-sold years ago (great timing). For losers and haters, I NEVER went bankrupt. Plus $10 billion, sorry"
"Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game!"
"Secretary Kerry cannot get other nations to join us in fighting ISIS. They are afraid and he is a poor salesman who reps a pathetic leader!"
"The judge in the Oscar Pistorious case is a total moron. She said he didn't act like a killer. This is another O.J. disaster!"
"They should have rebuilt the two buildings of the World Trade Center exactly as they were, except taller and stronger. A better statement!"
"I can't believe that the judge in the Oscar Pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. No one has been more guilty since O.J.!"
"Can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of ISIS and now we are spending billions trying to get him back!"
"Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up!"
"Middle Eastern countries must participate militarily (no running away) and big league financially in order for us to go in and save them!"
"I just want to know how much is Saudi Arabia and others who we are helping willing to pay for our saving from total extinction. Pay up now!"
"I made a great deal of money in Atlantic City, but left years ago when I saw so many political mistakes being made. I have ZERO involvement!"
"New poll states that a record number of Americans have lost all faith in President Obama - duh!"
"I will be on Fox &amp; Friends @foxandfriends at 7.00 a.m. (30 minutes). Enjoy!"
"Getting ready to pay final respect to GREAT LADY Joan Rivers. She could light up a room like no other! She will be greatly missed."
"We just finished shooting a new season of Celebrity Apprentice and happily for all, Joan plays my advisor in two episodes. She was great!"
"Joan Rivers had great talent, but also truly amazing stamina and drive - she would never give up or quit. That is why she became a champion!"
"I will be going to the funeral of my friend Joan Rivers today. I got to know her really well when she became the winner of The Apprentice!"
"One of the big problems facing Atlantic City are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which I fought for years before leaving.Corruption!"
"Remember, anything you read about Atlantic City has nothing to do with me. I sold years ago and left. Good timing but very sad!"
"I just started construction of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. Many jobs. Will be finest hotel in U.S. Watch it happen!"
"Attention all hackers: You are hacking everything else so please hack Obama's college records (destroyed?) and check ""place of birth"""
"President Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy Carter"
"I'm not saying to not give vaccines, I am just saying give them small doses over a long period of time - not one massive dose for a child."
"Saudi Arabia should fight their own wars, which they won't, or pay us an absolute fortune to protect them and their great wealth-$ trillion!"
"Have you been watching how Saudi Arabia has been taunting our VERY dumb political leaders to protect them from ISIS. Why aren't they paying?"
"Remember this, the worst doctors (by far) are celebrity doctors. If you see their names, or read about them in the newspapers, stay away!"
"In my book, @Joan_Rivers had a lousy doctor, shoving a camera down her throat at her age. Something went really wrong that should not have!"
"What is happening in Atlantic City, casino closures, is very sad - but does anybody give me credit for getting out before its demise? Timing"
".@Joan_Rivers   Get well soon Joan - keep fighting!"
"Good luck and best wishes to my dear friend, the wonderful and very talented Joan Rivers!  Winner of Celebrity Apprentice, amazing woman."
"I have asked the reigning Miss Universe and Miss USA to do the honors. At least I will not have to wash my hair this morning! Enjoy."
"I will be doing the A.L.S. Ice Bucket Challenge this morning on twitter. It is not something I look forward to doing but is for a good cause"
"We have got to get our Marine out of that disgusting Mexican jail. Would be so easy if we had a real leader. One tough phone call &amp; he's out"
"Congratulations to @Graeme_McDowell and @kristinstape. Your baby has seriously good genes, will be a champ!"
".@bovanpelt. Bo, I heard you were great at Trump National Westchester - I am not at all surprised. Keep playing well, you are a winner!"
"Remember, the harder you work, the luckier you get!"
"Emmy Awards show was terrible last night. Same shows winning over and over again (politics). Amazing race a joke. Host Seth Meyers bombed!"
"We will now be helping Syria and Iran by attacking ISIS - ironic, isn't it!"
"That Seth Meyers is hosting the Emmy Awards is a total joke. He is very awkward with  almost no talent. Marbles in his mouth!"
"I will be on @foxandfriends at 7.30 A.M."
"Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel seems so lost and, frankly, dumb. He can't even speak properly. Poor leader in these very dangerous times!"
"The Greater Miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the Miss Universe Pageant. A decision will be made very soon!"
"Our politically correct country will read the ISIS terrorists who beheaded the reporter their Miranda Rights prior to good food &amp; care!"
"ISIS made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. Even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. LEADERSHIP!"
"@Assouline_M  Thanks Monique!"
"Just started building one of the great hotels of the World in Washington, D.C., the site of the Old Post Office. Will be amazing - JOBS!"
"Such amazing people in India. This trip is very enlightening!"
"I just had an amazing day in Mumbai, India. Building an almost 80 story building, super luxury, which is doing great! Press is going wild."
"Sorry, won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning - will be in India on a couple of major business deals!"
"We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. Respect!"
"The World as we know it is falling apart. Much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the United States is no longer respected!"
"So many people are agreeing with me on not creating a ""highway"" for Ebola to the U.S. Started in small area of Africa and now spreading fast"
"The bigger problem with Ebola is all of the people coming into the U.S. from West Africa who may be infected with the disease. STOP FLIGHTS!"
"A doctor on NBC Nightly News agreed with me-we should not bring Ebola into our country through two patients, but should bring docs to them."
"We should have taken the oil in Iraq, and now our mortal enemies have got it, and with no opposition. Really dumb U.S. pols! I'm so angry!"
"Isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of Iraq, and will soon have control of massive oil reserves. I told you so."
".@FrankLuntz works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser!"
"The fact that we are taking the Ebola patients, while others from the area are fleeing to the United States, is absolutely CRAZY-Stupid pols"
"The U.S. must immediately stop all flights from EBOLA infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our ""borders."" Act fast!"
"If you read my last number of tweets, only one opinion can be formed - that our President, and therefore ""leader,"" is grossly incompetent!"
"The ObamaCare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought, AND IT DOESN'T WORK! Big trouble!"
"So many lives and two trillion dollars wasted, and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the World. Such stupid leaders"
"Just as I have been predicting for years, Iraq will fall to the people that hate  the U.S. the most - just outside of Baghdad.""Keep the oil"""
"The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences!"
".@David_Cameron  Why do you give Scotland so much money to destroy their magnificent land with wind turbines-causing massive taxes &amp; E bills"
".@David_Cameron As Prime Minister, why are you spending vast amounts of money to subsidize ugly wind turbines in Scotland that nobody wants?"
"Stop the EBOLA patients from entering the U.S. Treat them,  at the highest level, over there. THE UNITED STATES HAS ENOUGH PROBLEMS!"
"Ebola patient will be brought to the U.S. in a few days - now I know for sure that our  leaders are incompetent. KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE!"
"In order to be successful, especially to be very successful, you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure!"
".@Andre_Reed83. Congratulations Andre, you deserve it!"
"It's late in July and it is really cold outside in New York. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING??? We need some fast!  It's now CLIMATE CHANGE"
"So many major problems for the U.S., and no answers by our leaders. When will it all change?  Many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!"
"@LateNightSeth  I am not surprised that Seth is absolutely dying in the ratings! He is truly an awkward, mumbling jerk. Too bad!"
"I say we cannot continue to let Obama fly around on Air Force 1, at a cost of millions of dollars a day, for the purpose of politics &amp; play!"
"Going to D.C. for big groundbreaking on Old Post Office site. Will be spectacular new hotel. Lots of jobs!"
"We are now at a time, perhaps more than ever before, when the World needs GREAT leadership!"
"I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is!"
"It takes ""guts"" to win!"
"I believe that President Obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the U.S. and throughout the World that he has totally given up!"
".@McIlroyRory  Great job Rory - you have the heart and talent of a great champion. Work hard and win many more! See you at Turnberry."
"I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 (20 minutes). Plenty of terrible and tragic news to talk about! Too bad."
"Again, I have nothing to do with the Atlantic City closing - I have not even been there in many years. Some press was accurate, some not!"
"Tremendous cold wave hits large part of U.S. Lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change - G.W. just doesn't work!"
"Iran looks like it is toying with John Kerry on nuclear talks - he is begging for a deal to save face. Negotiation is just not his thing!"
"The @Washingtonpost reported about the closing hotels in Atlantic City but knowingly failed to report that I am not involved, left years ago"
"Can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the U.S. for the freedom of traitor Bergdahl. Just another bad deal!"
"Deserter Bergdahl returns to active duty as parents of brave soldiers killed looking for him grieve. Obama trying to play this mistake down!"
"The only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak U.S. leader"
"The new hot term that they have recently invented is POLAR VORTEX - give me a break!"
"They only changed the term to CLIMATE CHANGE when the words GLOBAL WARMING didn't work anymore. Come on people, get smart!"
"Refloating the Costa Concordia for many hundreds of millions of $'s is ridiculous. Should have taken it apart in small pieces - save fortune"
"It is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather. No wonder their ratings are way down! Enough already."
"Record cold temperatures in July - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. What the hell happened to GLOBAL WARMING?"
"Again, for all of the haters and losers, I have NOTHING to do with Atlantic City - got out a long time ago!"
"I can't believe that 60 Minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see (at request of U.S. leadership). STUPID!"
"THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET!"
"I have nothing to do with the Plaza Casino in Atlantic City. I have not been involved with Atlantic City for many years. Used to love A.C.!"
"On June 1st. near Washington, D.C., I will be opening the greatest championship golf course in the U.S. All holes front on the Potomac River"
"Rosie is crude, rude, obnoxious and dumb - other than that I like her very much!"
"Rosie is back on the View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard short term fix and long term disaster."
"If a person is #1 at Harvard and comes from Europe or Asia, they can't get into the U.S. From Mexico etc. with a criminal record, no problem"
"The most stringent gun laws in the U.S. happen to be in Chicago - and look what is happening there!"
"Obama looks exhausted and beaten. He was never made or prepared for the job. Like it or not, he doesn't have ""it"""
"Our country will soon be relegated to THIRD WORLD status if proper decisions are not made by our president. He was never qualified for job!"
"The immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn't have a clue. We need new leadership FAST!"
"Let this be the day you go for your dream. Focus, don't give up, and only accept total and complete victory. You can do it!"
"@Trump_Charlotte  I heard the fireworks show was amazing. Such a great club deserves it! See everyone there soon - fantastic place."
"Happy 4th of July to everyone,  including the haters and losers!"
"Do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in Iraq look bad, or what? Everybody wants their oil - only made possible by U.S.!"
"After foolishly spending two trillion $'s and losing so many great young people, the U.S. will be the only one who won't get the oil in Iraq"
"Trump Turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon,  Scotland time. The place is amazing!"
"Always remember, I was the one who got Obama to release his birth certificate, or whatever that was! Hilary couldn't, McCain couldn't."
"I am in Ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful Atlantic Ocean property. It is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere! DOONBEG"
"Now Syria is bombing Iraq and Secy. Kerry, after we blew the hell out of the place, says please don't do that. Syria is a front for Iran."
"Boycott Mexico until they release our Marine. With all the money they get from the U.S., this should be an easy one. NO RESPECT!"
"I wonder if when Secy. Kerry goes to Iraq and Afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at GLOBAL WARMING and study the carbon footprint?"
"Do you believe that Secy. KERRY just went to Egypt to talk about ""human rights problems"" and this as everything is being blown up around him"
".@Graeme_McDowell   Great playing Graeme - you are a true champion!"
"I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 10 minutes.  Much to talk about, enjoy!"
"I'd bet the lawyers for the Central Park 5 are laughing at the stupidity of N.Y.C. when there was such a strong case against their ""clients"""
"How much money are the lawyers for the Central Park Five getting out of the 40 million dollars, or are they paid  by the City (or both)?"
"N.Y. City is paying FORTY MILLION DOLLARS to five men that many think are guilty as hell. So many facts -  should have been trial. Politics!"
"I loved the day Paul Goldberger got fired (or left) as N.Y.Times architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance. Kamin next!"
"Why isn't Mexico releasing our Marine. U.S. should come down really hard on them. They have ZERO respect for our so-called ""leader"""
"AMERICA USED TO BE THE LEADER OF THE WORLD. THANKS TO OBAMA AMERICA ISN'T EVEN LEADING FROM BEHIND."
"I will be doing The Howard Stern Show at 7 a.m. (10 minutes). Always fun, and interesting, talking to Howard!"
"It's time to let Pete Rose, the all time hits leader, into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Enough already!!!!!"
"I bought the great Turnberry Resort today - considered by many to have the greatest golf course in the World. I will take good care of it!"
"Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 - 2 minutes."
"Big announcement tomorrow morning concerning the great Turnberry Resort in Scotland!"
"Congratulations to Martin Kaymer for winning the 2014 #USOpen. #USGA"" Great playing from beginning to end!"
"@MattGinellaGC   Matt, how many club championships have you won? I hear zero, or 18 fewer than me! Lets play for a lot?"
"@MattGinellaGC  Matt, you know nothing about quality golf or what it takes to make golf successful. You are all talk, no substance!"
"@MattGinellaGCSadly Matt, you don't understand golf (even though you think you do).I have numerous couses that are far superior to Pinehurst"
"@MattGinellaGC  I have watched Open Championships at Turnberry, one of the great golf courses of the World. Pinehurst not in the same league"
"@MattGinellaGC  My position on Pinehurst is correct - bad for the game, a dried out cow pasture. You have no clue but keep trying!"
"Johnny Miller correctly very critical of greens at Pinehurst. Said they should be ""redone"""
"I'd bet the horrible look of Pinehurst translates into poor television ratings. This is not what golf is about!"
"@GolfDigestMag  Big news from Scotland on Turnberry (which, by the way, blows Pinehurst away!) tomorrow morning. Stay tuned."
".@HollySandersGC. Remember, it was Martin K who sank the big ten footer to win the Ryder Cup. He can handle the pressure!"
"I would like to wish all fathers, even the haters and losers, a very happy Fathers Day."
".@BlairKamin Blair, you may be the worst architectural critic in the business but thanks for your nice reviews about Trump Chicago &amp; sign PR"
".@MattGinellaGC  Have you ever seen Trump National/Bedminster or Trump International Golf links in Scotland. Both far better than Pinehurst!"
".@MattGinellaGC Matt, the statement about Pinehurst looking like a local community golf course,""awful"", was not made by me but tweeted to me"
".@MattGinellaGC  It's true Matt, the NEW ""Blue Monster"" is better than Pinehurst, so is Bedminster. Turnberry &amp; Trump Aberdeen blow it away!"
"I have been very consistent and always said that Iraq would fall as soon as the U.S. left. What a terrible waste of lives and money!"
"Iran will convince our incompetent President that they are trying to help us with Iraq, take over the country &amp; oil, and ""O"" will say thanks"
"Turnberry in Scotland is a far superior golf course to Pinehurst - and it isn't even close! Likewise the Blue Monster at Doral."
"Iran is moving troops into Iraq under the guise that it is helping out. Actually, they will take over Iraq and all of their oil. Stupid U.S."
"The Iraqi Army is useless. President Obama, stay the hell out of Iraq (we should never have been there in the first place)."
"We should never have gone into Iraq but, once in, should have gotten out a lot faster. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"I told all of the haters and losers long ago that Iraq would fall, take the OIL or get out fast! Massive waste of lives and trillions of $'s"
"Iraq told us to get out, Iraq is now falling, and Iraq now wants us to come back! Don't do it unless we get the OIL, and I mean ALL OF IT!"
"Iraq is falling apart fast - two trillion dollars and so many deaths - Bush got us in and Obama took far too long to get us out!"
"Iraq is far worse and of more danger to the U.S. now than it ever was under Saddam Hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives!"
"Eric Cantor's concession speech was ridiculous - acted like nothing had just happened. WE NEED REAL LEADERS!"
"As I have said, the Tea Party is alive and well and fighting hard for the USA. BIG WIN TODAY!"
"Tea Party takes down Eric Cantor - REALLY BIG WIN!"
"What I am saying is that we never should have been in Iraq in the first place. Bush was terrible, Obama is worse! Make America GREAT again."
"I told you so a long time ago: Iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run. Only the beginning!  OIL."
"Five U.S. soldiers killed in Afghanistan by so-called friendly fire. What are we doing?"
"The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.  General Douglas MacArthur"""""
".@mdamelincourt  Thanks M, you are doing a great job at Trump Toronto!"
"Heading over to the Miss USA Pageant. The young women participating are amazing and accomplished. Competition is very tough. ENJOY THE SHOW!"
"The man made ""climate change"" that our ""great"" president should be focused on is of the NUCLEAR variety brought upon us because of weakness!"
"The Miss U.S.A. pageant will be amazing tonight. To be politically incorrect, the girls (women) are REALLY BEAUTIFUL. NBC at 8 PM."
"No president in history has lied to the American people more than President Obama - in fact, it is not even close!"
"REMEMBER, the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the Taliban got back leaders (killers) and we got back a NOTHING, WILL COME BACK TO HAUNT U.S.!"
"The same ""brilliant"" negotiators that gave up five Taliban leaders for one traitor  are now making trade deals with China &amp; others.No chance"
"We have to make the U.S.A. RICH again so that we can afford to pay Social Security, Medicare,and Medicaid and STRONG to keep our enemies out"
"By the end of this year China will be the number one economic power on earth and the U.S. will owe 20 trillion dollars, much of it to China!"
"Just toured Baton Rouge, Louisiana - GREAT PEOPLE, fantastic place, doing really well. Miss USA Pageant totally sold out.Tomorrow night, NBC"
"I am in Baton Rouge where the Miss USA Pageant will be shown live on NBC on Sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8 P.M. INCREDIBLE SHOW!"
"The owner of California Gold just made a jerk (fool) out of himself. Just smile and congrat the winner. His wife was visibly embarrassed!"
".@AndrewKreig   Thank you Andrew -  so correct!"
"Will be in Louisiana for the Miss USA Pageant which will be on NBC on Sunday night. Watch Miss Pennsylvania,an interesting and amazing story"
"Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump"""
"Obama is, without question, the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!"
"I believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders President Obama gave up for Bergdahl, a great deal of CASH was also given. So stupid!"
"Chris McDaniel looks like he will win in Mississippi - GREAT NEWS and big victory for Tea Party!"
"Obama never consulted with Congress about a prisoner exchange. HE BROKE THE LAW AND SHOULD BE TRIED. OUR PRESIDENT IS A TOTAL DISASTER!"
"Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence?"
"Was Susan Rice told to lie about Bergdahl? Obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything, from ObamaCare to a deserter."
".@newsbusters  Thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done!"
"Rapidly failing @VanityFair magazine hits me for my strong stance against Obama's ""brilliant"" 5 killers for 1 deserter trade. Amazing!"
"The five Taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now. They are saying how dumb U.S. is!"
"Our President is a great embarrassment to the U.S. How could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap?"
"Bowe Bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to. Solders died looking for him. U.S. should NEVER have made the deal! PUNISHMENT?"
"Only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for Bergdahl. #OrangeRoom"
"That the Obama administration didn't know the facts about who Bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic!"
"The statement about leaving the base came directly from CBS Evening News."
"At some point Sgt. Bergdahl will have to explain his capture. In 2009 he simply wandered off his base without a weapon. Many questions!"
"The U.S. cannot negotiate with terrorists. It is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved, but this can only lead to disaster."
"President Obama created a VERY BAD precedent by handing over five Taliban prisoners in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. Another U.S. loss!"
"I am in Toronto checking the great Trump International Hotel - highest rated hotel in Canada. It is a beauty!"
"#TheArsenioHallShow   Well, it had to happen. People that are disloyal, in the long run, never make it. Arsenio was just cancelled!"
"Snowden is a liar.and a fraud!"
"Have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic: Snowden, ObamaCare, VA, Russia, jobs, decimated military, debt and so much more"
"Thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the National Press Club. It was my great honor!"
"Like it or not, Edward Snowden is a SPY and should be tried as a SPY! He has stolen invaluable information and damaged us with other nations"
"I am speaking today at the National Press Club, totally sold out, and will then be inspecting The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue!"
"What does.Obama know about the VA or business - nothing, just look at the five billion dollar ObamaCare website. We need a real leader!"
".@pgaofamerica A really great tournament, congrats to Monty, Pete B and Ted Bishop. FANTASTIC JOB!"
".@McIlroyRory - Way to go Rory, fantastic victory!"
"Have a great and peaceful Memorial Day - but remember, there are people out there who don't want us to have peace. WE MUST BE STRONG!!!!"
"Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Don't ever get down on yourself, just keep fighting - in the end, you WIN!"
"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein"
"I have been watching and loving the United States for many years and have NEVER seen it look weaker or less effective!"
"Going now to make a major speech before some of the world's biggest investors in Dubai!"
"Remember, China is not a friend of the United States!"
"A classic - China just signs massive oil and gas deal with Russia giving Russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in U.S. face."
"The roads and sidewalks, airports and bridges, are perfect in Dubai. Everything looks clean &amp; strong. In U.S.,  everything is falling apart!"
"We must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the United States. Our country must be strong again!"
"Getting ready for the big news conference in Dubai. It should all be happening in the U.S., but it isn't - SAD!"
"I cannot believe how well certain areas are doing relative to the U.S. There is no reason for this other than poor leadership.WE SHOULD BE 1"
"I am in Dubai with Damac.  PLACE IS BOOMING - AMAZING! Major news conference in two hours. Announcing luxury villas and major golf course."
"I really like Jay Z but there is trouble in paradise. When his wife's sister starts whacking him, not good! No help from B leads to a mess."
"I will be heading to Dubai where I am doing a GREAT project with Damac - will be a massive success!"
"30,000 illegal immigrants with CRIMINAL RECORDS were released last year by our wonderful, though highly incompetent, government. So stupid!"
"Amazing five days - developments in Aberdeen, Turnberry (Scotland) and Ireland are fantastic - the best anywhere in the WORLD. A lot of fun!"
"@ronanofficial  Thanks Ronan, see you there!"
"NobamaCare won't work, never will work and can't work - it is a total waste of time and energy except that it is hurting people (&amp; economy!)"
"Sorry, for all of the millions of people who long to hear my brilliant words of wisdom on Fox &amp; Friends on Monday A.M., no go - in Dubai."
"I am in Scotland checking on my developments in Aberdeen and Turnberry. Just left Ireland, property will be great. ALWAYS CHECKING!"
"@10AJMcCarron will do great in the NFL - all he does is win! Bengals made a very wise decision."
"@IrishTimes  Thanks to you and the wonderful Simon Carswell for the great story on Trump International Golf Links, Ireland. It will be great"
"Time Warner cable out AGAIN in Manhattan - no television. They have a real problem!"
"Rosie O'Donnell just said she felt ""shame"" at being fat-not politically correct! She killed Star Jones for weight loss surgery, just had it!"
"Cleveland just made a very wise decision - congrats!"
"Teams are making a big mistake not taking Johnny Manziel - he is going to be really good (and exciting to watch)."
"@dallascowboys   Jerry, GREAT pick - you will have a really good season!"
"Great pick by Buffalo - Sammy Watkins will be GREAT!"
"I think somebody should pick Johnny Football - he will be a star."
"I am watching the NFL DRAFT, will be interesting! A lot of talent but only a few will become STARS."
"The global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by NUCLEAR WEAPONS in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders!"
"Dennis Rodman was either drunk or on drugs (delusional) when he said I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Glad I fired him on Apprentice!"
"Crazy Dennis Rodman is saying I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Never discussed, no interest, last place on Earth I want to go to."
"Either Miss Pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. She hurt many people!"
"Won $5,000,000 against Miss Pennsylvania, Sheena Monnin, for her terrible and untrue statements about Miss USA Pageant. Not a nice person!"
"We will never have great national security in the age of computers - too many brilliant nerds can break codes (the old days were better)."
"I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in 10 minutes at 7.00. Many things to talk about! ENJOY"
"@TrumpGolfDC  Congrats to my GREAT members at Trump National DC on our club having been chosen to host the 2017 PGA Senior Championship!"
"The ring announcers are working hard to justify the Mayweather victory. They should be ashamed of themselves! A TOTAL JOKE."
"No wonder boxing is close to dead!"
"Crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision - place is angry and going wild. Fight was not even close! DISGUSTING."
"The Mayweather decision is a disgrace!"
"NO WAY, JUDGES SAY MAYWEATHER WON. INVESTIGATION SHOULD TAKE PLACE. FIX?"
"Fight is over - Mayweather lost big - but lets see what judges say!"
"Mayweather is getting absolutely killed!"
"Floyd Mayweather is being beaten up badly through 10 rounds by Marcos Maidana, but announcers say it is even. TWO ROUNDS LEFT."
"The reporter that called Kevin Durant ""Mr. Unreliable"" should be fired or, at least, apologize. He is a truly great player and a winner!"
"There must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media. Incredible that some so-called ""journalists"" can make up lies and get away with it"
"Have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs, have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory"
".@sethmeyers  Seth can't help it - he is really trying hard but just doesn't have what it takes. Very awkward and insecure!"
"Seth Myers is so unnatural and uncomfortable doing his show that you have to feel sorry for him. Bad interviewer, marbles in his mouth!"
"@TweetingAutism Please support our #AutismMayDay campaign highlighting unmet medical needs of people with #autism http://t.co/VtoJfdzzHz RT"""
"With @VanityFair circulation and advertising revenue doing so badly, rumor has it that dopey Graydon Carter is going to resign? He should."
"Will be doing interview on @GolfChannel at 8.00 this morning. Will be talking about getting the great PGA Championship &amp; Senior PGA etc."
"Wow, Vanity Fair was totally shut out at the National Magazine Awards - it got NOTHING. Graydon Carter is a loser with bad food restaurants!"
"It will now start to cool down concerning Sterling and the Clippers. This mess will start to fade, after litigation, into the murky past!"
"Commissioner Adam Silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning Donald Sterling."
"A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS!"
"It is amazing that after lambasting Donald Sterling on @foxandfriends, some DISHONEST press only reported my GIRLFRIEND FROM HELL statement!"
"I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the Donald Sterling (Clippers) MESS!"
"President Obama is losing on so many fronts, in fact all fronts, that I am concerned he will do something totally irrational. He can't lead!"
"Isn't it ironic that China is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others. @alexsalmond"
"We allow Japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can't make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble!"
"N.Y.Times headline states Obama suffers setbacks in Japan trade deal. Can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us, WE HAVE CARDS"
"South Korea is absolutely killing us on trade deals. Their surplus vs U.S. is massive - and we pay for their protection. WHO NEGOTIATES?"
"@AndreaTantaros  It was great to see you - say hi to all!"
"Interesting how President Obama is flying around in a Boeing 747 on so-called Earth Day!"
"The way President Obama runs down the stairs of Air Force 1, hopping &amp; bobbing all the way, is so inelegant and unpresidential. Do not fall!"
".@McIlroyRory  Thanks for your nice note - they love you at Trump National Doral. You are looking good - will have a GREAT year!"
"Always remember, SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!"
"Rep. Stephen Lynch (D-Ma) said, ""There's all of these taxes and fees that are the tough medicine..it's going to hit the fan"" 're ObamaCare."
"Once the tragic mistake of going into Iraq was made, we should have at least taken the oil (or at least some of it). Now Iran &amp; China get it"
"After thousands lost and spending two trillion dollars, Iraq (I told you so) is imploding. Really dumb pols put us and kept us there-so sad!"
"Obama through his cronies said the Keysyone pipeline was ""not political"" - how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things?"
"I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (15 minutes). Enjoy it and your day!"
"Huffington Post is just upset that I said its purchase by AOL has been a disaster and that Arianna Huffington is ugly both inside and out!"
"Look, Snowden is bad, done tremendous damage to our country and standing - but we have far worse in our government (guess who?)."
"HAPPY EASTER - HAVE A GREAT DAY!"
"@frankpro   Frank, you are making a mistake. No one will do a better job than me and team would stay in Buffalo."
"Have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! Good night."
"Snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the U.S. A spy in the old days, when our country was respected and strong, would be executed"
"I give Secretary of State John Kerry credit for working and trying hard, but he has zero negotiating ability!"
"Remember, Russia still has Snowden. When are we going to bring that piece of human garbage back home to stand trial? He caused great damage!"
"Oscar Pistorious is guilty as hell!"
"@PriscoCBS  Thank you!"
"Oscar Pistorious, ""the blade runner,"" is as guilty as O.J.  I wonder if the result will be the same?"
"@AlexSalmond-I have no doubt that you will come to your senses about the costly, bird killing and very ugly wind  turbines dotting Scotland."
".@AlexSalmond - Ireland just ended the bird killing wind farm near my great resort on the Atlantic Ocean. The reason, would hurt tourism!"
"Al Sharpton said they are ""even making it more harder to register people to vote"". Which is worse, his grammar or his thoughts?"
"Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. (1 hour). ENJOY!"
".@JordanSpieth  Great playing at the Masters and don't get down Jordan, you will win many tournaments and many MAJORS! Keep working hard."
".@bubbawatson  What a great player you have turned out to be but also, what a great guy! Congratulations on another fantastic Masters win."
".@KAThomas212   Congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the City. You will be GREAT!"
"Congratulations to @STEPHENATHOME - I will see you on the show!"
"Really looking forward to watching The Masters this weekend - one of THE GREATEST SHOWS ON EARTH!"
"The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral in Miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. Great reviews. Thank you!"
"@kimkotter  Kim, keep up the great work - you are really doing well!"
"It's 4.35 a.m. and I am working on a very exciting (and hopefully very good) deal - a major resort. THE HARDER I WORK, THE LUCKIER I GET!"
"Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 this morning - ENJOY!"
"@XenaHer1   Thanks Xena!"
".@Lexi  Great job in winning your first of many ""majors"". We are proud of you at Trump International. Work hard - be an all time great!"
"Haters and losers say I wear a wig (I don't), say I went bankrupt (I didn't), say I'm worth $3.9 billion (much more). They know the truth!"
"Major League Baseball was really smart when they wouldn't let Mark Cuban buy a team. Was it his financials or the fact that he's an asshole?"
"For China, of all nations, to search the massive Indian Ocean and pick up the ping from the black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched"
"@katwatson59 Thanks Kat!"
"I hate what has happened to the once great @CNN."
"I can't believe that @CNN would waste time and money with @smerconish - he has got nothing going. Jeff Zucker must be losing his touch!"
"In New York, March was the coldest month in recorded history - we could use some GLOBAL WARMING!"
".@MagicJohnson  Good luck with the Dodgers this season, if they were like you they would never lose a game!"
".@genesimmons  Keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you!"
"@MagnaSearchGRP Your new TRUMP tower in Vancouver looks fantastic. I'm gonna pick up a unit. Just can't say no to 5-star living #motivation"""
".@ArsenioHall - How quickly people forget, but not me! You told me that without The Apprentice you could never have gotten your show - Sad!"
".@ArsenioHall - The only thing you don't mention in the nice Esquire piece about you is The Apprentice, without which you would be nowhere!"
"@PrincessDaytura @realDonaldTrump for president - it's reality, he is reality and he is the ONLY one capable of making the necessary changes"
"To all haters and losers: I am NOT anti-vaccine, but I am against shooting massive doses into tiny children. Spread shots out over time."
"Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changes - AUTISM. Many such cases!"
"Coach W to his basketball players - BE QUICK BUT DON'T HURRY!"
"If I were President I would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child cannot take - AUTISM."
"Autism WAY UP - I believe in vaccinations but not massive, all at once, shots. Too much for small child to handle. Govt. should stop NOW!"
"By Obama mentioning Manhattan yesterday in his response, he has singlehandedly made it target #1. How totally stupid is this guy?"
"This is the time for the United States to be strengthening all important military components - not rolling over and dealing from weakness!"
"Not good or smart for Obama to be calling Russia a ""regional"" power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in NYC."
"President Obama looks absolutely exhausted in the Netherlands. He is not a natural leader, was never ment to lead - it is tough work for him"
"Obama must now FOCUS, get his mind off ""March.Madness"", and LEAD! Watch Russia closely, work hard on the economy and get rid of ObamaCare!"
"The situation with Russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to World War III. WE NEED GREAT LEADERSHIP FAST"
"We should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever. Must be very strong to prosper &amp; survive"
"I believe Putin will continue to re-build the Russian Empire. He has zero respect for Obama or the U.S.!"
"Putin has become a big hero in Russia with an all time high popularity. Obama, on the other hand, has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. SAD"
"President Obama, be cool, be smart, be sharp and FOCUS (no more March Madness), and you can beat Putin at his own game. IT CAN BE DONE!"
"While Putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the World, President Obama is watching March Madness (basketball)!"
"I don't hate Obama at all, I just think he is an absolutely terrible president, maybe the worst in our history!"
"We're spending a fortune looking for the lost plane with mostly Chinese passengers, and that's OK-but how much are Russia &amp; China spending?"
"President Obama was able to fool the Americans by getting elected, but not able to fool Vladimir Putin. Too bad for us!"
"Looks like plane may have been found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Australia."
"Lithium ion batteries should  not be allowed to be used in aircraft. I won't fly on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner - it uses those batteries."
"Plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries, which are highly combustible, as cargo. Fire could have started in cockpit."
"It's almost like the United States has no President - we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster. Good luck everyone!"
".@AlexSalmond, Wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourism.Electric bills in Scotland are skyrocketing-stop the madness"
"President Obama could totally solve the problem with Putin by demanding that Russia sign on to ObamaCare, thereby destroying their economy!"
"Wow, Putin is really taking advantage of President Obama. It is important that Obama responds with strength and determination-be smart-cool!"
"Some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them!"
"I won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning in that I have a big breakfast meeting on a deal. I will be back next week at 7. Thank you!"
"When nobody wanted the UFC, I opened the way by letting them fight at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City. Dana White has done a great job!"
"Frumpy and very dumb Gail Collins, an editorial writer at The New York Times, is so lucky to even have a job. Check her out - incompetent!"
".@garyplayer  As a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair The Blue Monster played last weekend. Gary Player Villa loved!"
"While I won't be running for Governor of New York State, a race I would have won, I have much bigger plans in mind- stay tuned, will happen!"
"The top leadership of the New York State Republican Party is totally dysfunctional - they haven't won a major election in many years."
"I have clearly stated that if the New York State Republican Party is able to unify, I would run for Governor and win. They can't unify -SAD!"
"@MauriceConcha  Thanks!"
"AMAZING how the press protected President Obama when he did the so-called comedy routine with Zach G. He looked like a fool - they said cute"
"I just beat a lawyer from Yale and a lawyer from Harvard, who teamed up against me, in a major case worth millions ($). They were so dumb!"
"Just did theToday Show to announce that Baton Rouge, Louisiana will host the Miss USA Pageant on Sunday, June 8th. @Miss USA."
"Congratulations to Patrick Reed for winning at Trump National Doral. He told me The Blue Monster is ""the best course I've ever played"""
"Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (10 minutes). ENJOY!"
"Leaders at Trump National Doral are only one under par. The great Ben Hogan said, ""I've never seen a great course that was easy!"""
"The newly built Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is being considered a ""masterpiece"" by almost all who see it and play it - THANK YOU!"
"@sashamajerovsky  Thanks Sasha!"
"The unbiased reporters and attendees said mine was the best and most well received speech at CPAC - THANK YOU!"
"Actually I was very nice to Jimmy Carter during my standing room only (&amp; standing ovation) speech for CPAC - stated better Pres. than Obama!"
"Of course I don't think Jimmy Carter is dead-saw him today on T.V. Just being sarcastic, but never thought he was alive as President, stiff!"
"@CharlieRymerGC  Charlie, sounds good to me!"
"@colleencpa Thanks Colleen!"
"Actually Putin doesn't want Alaska because the Environmental Protection Agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil!"
"What do you think Obama will do when Putin seizes Alaska?"
"Baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in March in a long recorded history - 4 degrees. Other places likewise. Global warming con!"
".@Mitt Romney strongly stated, in one of the debates with Pres. OBAMA, that Russia is the big problem. Obama scoffed. Mitt was 100% correct!"
"New York Magazine just named the most influential ""tweeters"" in N.Y. and one Donald Trump was #2 after ESPN. Actually, I'm easily #1!"
"Very exciting week for @TrumpDoral. I will be in Miami opening what will soon be best resort in U.S. World Golf Championship this week!"
"@TheEllenShow  Ellen, you should get rid of Andy Lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. Good try last night!"
"I have always liked Ellen, done her show numerous times, but she was not good last night - fumbling and stumbling!"
"Ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. The pizza skit was terrible. She should dump Andy Lassner, a guy with no absolutely no talent!"
"Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website!  #Oscars."
"This is Amateur Night - who the hell is in charge of this production? #Oscars"
"This cannot be the the Academy Awards #Oscars AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Little Andy Lassner, who lives his life through Ellen and has nothing else going for himself, is having a really bad night! #Oscars"
"I am at Trump National Doral in Miami as the best golfers in the World start arriving for the World Golf Championship (Cadillac). A big week"
"Sissy Graydon Carter of failing Vanity Fair Magazine and owner of bad food restaurants has a problem-his V.F. Oscar party is no longer ""hot"""
"Will be playing golf today with Rand Paul at Trump International in Palm Beach. Will be both interesting and fun!"
"I'll be playing golf tomorrow in Palm Beach at the number one rated golf course in the State of Florida, Trump International Golf Club."
"The World is falling apart around us, but we don't have people who know how to play the game. The U.S. is in big trouble - no leadership!"
"The U.S. has appealed ro Russia not to intervene in Ukraine - Russia tells U.S. they will not become involved, and then laughs loudly!"
"Obama just stated ""he didn't take school seriously, made bad choices and GOT HIGH"" - then how the hell did he get into Columbia &amp; Harvard?"
"With the World hating us and wanting to destroy the U.S., we have just cut the hell out of the military budget, making it smallest since '39"
"Iraq buying $200,000,000 worth of weapons from Iran. Despite so many killed and trillions spent, Iraq dumps U.S. I TOLD YOU SO LONG AGO!"
"We could make America great again by spreading ObamaCare throughout the World while at the same time  dropping it from U.S.!"
"Whether you like it or not, the Russians did a great job in hosting the Olympics! Remember when Obama went to Europe to get Olympics-fourth."
"Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 20 minutes. ENJOY!"
"Russia beat the United States in the Olympics-another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass?"
"Do you think that very dumb reporter(blogger) McKay Coppins has apologized to his wife for his very inappropriate behavior while in Florida?"
".@danawhite - You have done an amazing job - I am proud to have been there at the very beginning!"
".@AllenWest  Great seeing you last night at record setting Mar-a-Lago Republican event. The crowd loved you!"
".@MichaelRCaputo Thank you for all of your support, you have been amazing!"
"Governor Cuomo is right about one thing - Attorney General Eric Schneiderman does wear eyeliner! What the hell is up with him?"
"Isn't it crazy, I'm worth billions of dollars, employ thousands of people, and get libeled by  moron bloggers who can't afford a suit! WILD."
"@AmSpec did a great job of destroying the little remaining credibility of @BuzzFeed and the very dumb Ben Smith."
"I wonder how much money dumb @BuzzFeed and even dumber Ben Smith loooose each year? They have zero credibility - totally irrelevant and sad!"
"Ben Smith (is that really his last name?) of @BuzzFeed is a total mess who probably got his minion Coppins to do what he didn't want to do?"
"Amazing story in @BreitbartNews about the sleazebag blogger Coppins who fabricated nonsense about me for irrelevant @BuzzFeed. CONGRATS!"
"It's not climate change,it's global warming.Don't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn't work"
"Do you think John Kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in Iran and North Korea and  Pakistan already has them!!"
"Do you believe this one - Secretary of State John Kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. Laughable"
"Don't let the GLOBAL WARMING wiseguys get away with changing the name to CLIMATE CHANGE because the FACTS do not let GW tag to work anymore!"
"Due to the holiday, I will NOT be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning. Next Monday at 7."
"@loveandgarbage  Never said it, a total misquote."
"I never equated wind farms to the Pan Am Lockerbie disaster - only stated that @AlexSalmond should never have released the terrorist - BAD!"
"How come discredited reporter @mckaycoppins refused to write that the events in New Hampshire, Buffalo and N.Y. were all record breakers!"
"@mckaycoppins is a failed and dishonest reporter who refuses to mention the sarcasm in my voice when referring to him or irrelevant buzzfeed"
"@LodgeatDoonbeg  One of the great places on the planet,  and will only get better now that I own it and will be investing large sums in it!"
"The brand new Blue Monster Golf Course at Trump National Doral is doing fantastic business. Also, the new driving range is open at night!"
"A dishonest slob of a reporter, who doesn't understand my sarcasm when talking about him or his wife, wrote a foolish &amp; boring Trump ""hit"""
"My new club on the Atlantic Ocean in Ireland will soon be one of the best in the World - and no-one will be looking into ugly wind turbines!"
"Do you believe the way Karzai talks down to the United States - zero respect!"
"Anytime you see someone talking about celebrity weight loss on my ""twitter"" it is a total scam!"
"@dualheadedeagle  True and thanks!"
"@K_Swisher69  Thanks Kasey!"
"Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 A.M. ENJOY!"
"I've been saying for three months that the bridge tolls to Staten Island are far too high and unfair-just got lowered, but not nearly enough"
"@WesleyCooler3  But nobody asked-a great school!"
"The Blue Monster Golf Course officially opens tomorrow at Trump National Doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony. GREAT COURSE, GREAT REVIEWS!"
"Wow, just in - ObamaCare projected to cause large scale drop in jobs - even Dems are shocked by 2.5 million number. DISASTER!"
"When will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly ""STUPID"" things and begin to focus on lower taxes?"
"Massive record setting  snowstorm and freezing temperatures in U.S. Smart that GLOBAL WARMING hoaxsters changed name to CLIMATE CHANGE! $$$$"
"I can't get over, after all of the buildup, what a terrible game that was-the worst Super Bowl in history. The advertisers must be furious!"
"This may be the worst football game ever played by one team, Denver! Hard to watch."
"Enjoy the Super Bowl!"
"With one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history, with Atlanta, Texas and parts of Florida freezing- Global Warming anyone?"
"Remember when ""comedian"" Bill Maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the World Trade Center-then got canned by ABC?"
"Failing comedian Bill Maher, who I got an accidental glimpse of the other night, is really a dumb guy, just look at his past!"
"Mike &amp; Mike in one minute!"
"I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show on radio and ESPN-at about 6 to 7 A.M. We will be talking Super Bowl and sports-no Obama Care!"
"Give me clean, beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! I am tired of hearing this nonsense."
"The weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming HOAXSTERS were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!"
"Snowing in Texas and Louisiana, record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. Global warming is an expensive hoax!"
"How much is New York State spending on that obnoxious T.V. commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesn't work?"
"Steve Jobs is spinning in his grave - Apple has lost both vision and momentum - must move fast to get magic back!"
"I predicted Apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger  iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock"
"Apple's iPhone sales fell way short-they must go to a larger screen, as alternative, fast (as I said long ago)! Samsung's size much better."
"Afghanistan's so called leader, Karzai, is toying with the U.S."
"Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 -  Enjoy!"
"Do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. The answer is no and we better move fast!"
"Any and all weather events are used by the GLOBAL WARMING HOAXSTERS to justify higher taxes to save our planet! They don't believe it $$$$!"
"NBC News just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX?"
"Will be leaving Palm Beach for the 11 A.M. ceremony opening the magnificent GARY PLAYER VILLA at Trump Nationak Doral, Miami. GARY IS GREAT!"
"Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00"
"To be really successful it is always good to have A COOL HEAD, WARM HEART AND BEAUTIFUL COMMON TOUCH!"
"Department of Homeland Security has spent $3.5 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget!"
"I hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the United States will start sending them money!"
"@tedbishop38pga   Thanks Ted, see you at the show!"
"I would like to thank a great writer and person, @JPappasPR., of REAL ESTATE WEEKLY, for the wonderful story on me. Very much appreciated!"
"@NewYorkGOP The Ed Cox letter to Republicans, which is being so badly ridiculed by the press, should never have been written. WEAKNESS-SAD!"
"Watching Gates on @seanhannity - looks like he got hit by a truck! Why didn't Obama get him, and others,to sign a confidentiality agreement?"
"@NewYorkGOP  New York Republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning - and fast. This is your last decent shot!"
"Yankees should have dropped A-Rod long ago, not even bothered with arbitration. They would have saved a fortune!"
"Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in a few minutes - hope you enjoy!"
"After watching all about the horror story that is A-Rod, I realized again that it is time to let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame!"
"@rodstowell73  They are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen - thanks!"
"The Republican Party of New York has been conditioned to lose, and there is no excuse for this. Leadership must move fast and decisively!"
"I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing all sorts of current disasters!"
"Whether you like Obama or not, Bob Gates turned out to be one disloyal dude! Personally, I hate rats."
"In politics, and sometimes in life, FRIENDS COME AND GO, BUT ENEMIES ACCUMULATE!"
"Now that the ObamaCare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence, is the person who hired them going to be fired?"
"President Obama just fired the ObamaCare website builder. My question is, why were they hired in the first place? Sue them for damages!"
"The brand new Blue Monster just opened at Trump National Doral - Miami. Also, great new driving range which is open 'till midnight. GO SEE!"
"@Paula_White  One of the all-time greats - a true spiritual leader and wonderful person. Keep up the good fight!"
"We had a GREAT year @Macys with ties, shirts and suits, thanks!  New selections just arrived - they are amazing!"
"Tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in television history. How time flies!"
"We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone?"
"Most of the world's great riders are at Mar-a-Lago today for the Trump Invitational, one of the most important equestrian events of the year"
"This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing, record low temps,and our GW scientists are stuck in ice"
"Today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!"
"Have a happy, successful and healthy New Year!"
"When it comes to money, finance and even life, PROTECT THE DOWNSIDE AND THE UPSIDE WILL TAKE CARE OF ITSELF!"
"Spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever!"
"The con artists changed the name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE when GLOBAL WARMING was no longer working and credibility was lost!"
"What the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING. The planet is freezing, the ice is building and the G.W. scientists are stuck-a total con job"
"Temperature at record lows in many parts of the country. 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area. Global warming folks iced in!"
"In the upcoming New Year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total VICTORY in all we do!"
"We're coming up on the NEW YEAR-It is really important that, despite so many stupid decisions being made in Washington, we make it BEST EVER"
"The global warming  scientists don't want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-FAME!"
"We should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing GLOBAL WARMING-a total hoax!"
"The rescue icebreaker, trying to free the ship of the GLOBAL WARMING scientists, has turned back-the ice is  massive (a record). IRONIC!"
"Will be working with contractors at Trump National Doral in Miami today."
"@ProudlySA  As a major fan of Nelson Mandela and the people of South Africa, all of my statements are made with love. Protect his legacy now"
"It is really too bad that the scientists studying GLOBAL WARMING in Antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold"
"O.K., Christmas is over, now we can all go back to the wars of life. Focus, focus, focus-never accept defeat -push hard for total victory!"
"I hope everybody is having a FANTASTIC Christmas! No matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out &amp; go on to victory!"
"The new Pope is a humble man, very much like me, which probably explains why I like him so much!"
"Merry Christmas, have an amazing day!"
"Without passion you don't have energy, and without energy, you don't have anything!"
"ALWAYS TRY TO LEARN FROM OTHER PEOPLES MISTAKES, NOT YOUR OWN - IT IS MUCH CHEAPER THAT WAY!"
"SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!"
"Did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. Never look back, just learn from your experience!"
"Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00 - hope you enjoy!"
"#HasJustineLandedYet- Justine, what the hell are you doing, are you crazy? Not nice or fair! I will support @AidForAfrica. Justine is FIRED!"
"@HerschelWalker  GREAT interview with Tim McCarver! Have a fantastic Christmas and New Year."
"The Herschel Walker interview on The Tim McCarver Show was  fantastic-much can be learned from watching. Congrats to Herschel and Tim!"
"With the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on, especially in New York and New Jersey, you would be lucky to have a gun for protection"
"I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami today to check out the brand new and just opened BLUE MONSTER and the spectacular driving range."
"It was 25 years ago today that Pan Am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people. @AlexSalmond released the terrorist!"
"Remember, THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET!"
"Fernando, thank you for the GREAT review of The Blue Monster in South Florida Golf-especially top 10 in the WORLD. I love @SOFLAGOLF!"
"White House relaxes penalty for canceled health policies, a major blow  to the sustainability (and concept) of ObamaCare! They are desperate"
"If you fail once, twice, three times, it doesn't matter. Learn from your mistakes and push forward to VICTORY-the sweetest feeling there is!"
"I like Rob Astorino. He's a friend and really good guy. Sadly, he has ZERO chance of beating Cuomo and the 2 to 1 Dems for governor!"
"Go to Macy's today and buy Trump ties, shirts, suits and cufflinks as a Christmas or holiday present.Great style, great price! ONLY THE BEST"
"The coolest story is that John Beale, the man who headed up CLIMATE CHANGE for the government, is a proven con man and total phoney.ARRESTED"
"The more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself, the more time you waste after a setback. Move on and quickly embrace the next challenge!"
"I have never met a successful person that was a quitter. Successful people never, ever, give up!"
"@regis  Regis, you are the GREATEST!"
"Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent?"
"@ali_nugent  Good luck on your real estate test - you will be the biggest star of all!"
"Wow, just in-John Beale, the top person in government on climate change (EPA), is a total fraud, and just admitted it! What can they say now"
"We should be focusing on beautiful, clean air &amp; not on wasteful &amp; very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit! China &amp; others are hurting our air"
"They call it ""climate change"" now because the words ""global warming"" didn't work anymore. Same people fighting hard to keep it all going!"
"59% of the United States, by area, is now covered in snow-highest % in many years. The ""global warming"" name isn't working anymore-SORRY!"
"Wow, it's snowing in Isreal and on the pyramids in Egypt. Are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? MAKE U.S. COMPETITIVE!"
"President Obama and other world leaders don't know how close they were to being seriously injured (or worse) standing next to psycho in  SA."
"The United States is experiencing the coldest weather in decades with vast amounts of snow blanketing many states.Pendulum has swung to cool"
"@Macys  The Donald J. Trump signature line of shirts, ties, really beautiful suits and cufflinks is the best Christmas &amp; holiday gift by far"
"Have a GREAT weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. Never lose sight of the victory ahead!"
"@VanityFair  I love to see garbage properly disposed of which is why I like watching the dismal circulation numbers of Vanity Fair-IT'S DEAD"
"I really like Nelson Mandela but South Africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explode-not a good situation for the people!"
"Can you believe that the corrupt and pathetic South Africa police force has yet to arrest the sign language guy. Such danger-give 10 years!"
"What a sad thing that the  memory of Nelson Mandela will be stained by the phoney sign language moron who is in every picture at funeral!"
"This is one of the COLDEST WINTERS ever, freezing all over the country for long periods of time! So much for GLOBAL WARMING."
"President Obama's approval rating, at 38%, is at an all-time low. Gee, I wonder why?"
"@TrumpDoral  The brand new Blue Monster at Trump National Doral has recieved GREAT reviews from the golf critics. Check it out-opens Dec. 14"
"@TrumpDoral  The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral opens for play on Saturday morning after a massive rebuilding - brand new course!"
"It's amazing how badly the Knicks and Nets are playing. Everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent. Too bad!"
"If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die"
"The ill-conceived windfarm that @AlexSalmond is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!"
"Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years.@AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay!"
"The Unaffordable Care Act, sometimes referred to as ObamaCare, is not working. Millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud!"
"Obama said he never met his uncle, Oscar, who was arrested for whatever. Turns out he lived with his uncle in Boston. SO MANY LIES!"
"@VanityFair   Wow, I just looked at the circulation numbers - Vanity Fair Magazine won't be around much longer, it's really in bad shape!"
"Just got back to New York from California. Will be on Fox  &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. ObamaCare and other disasters to be discussed"
"P.S. - There is also something really good to say about humility. Being confident and humble is a great combination, maybe the best of all!"
"People are always asking me about the very special word, CONFIDENCE. The fact is there is (almost) nothing like it. Is derived from winning!"
"Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser - having a healthy ego, or high opinion of yourself, is a real positive in life!"
"@LoisPope1   Word is that the dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago, hosted by the incomparable Lois Pope, was fabulous. Big money raised for charity"
"In making big money, knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient, including money itself!"
"My father Fred Trump left me a relatively small amount of money (compared to where I am today-over $10 billion) but vast amount of knowledge"
"We should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming!"
"Great going to all of Dubai in winning what will be a fantastic #Expo2020 - we will all be there!"
"Ice storm rolls from Texas to Tennessee - I'm in Los Angeles and it's freezing. Global warming is a total, and very expensive, hoax!"
"Wow, record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country. Must be global warming, I mean climate change!"
"Denver, Minnesota and others are bracing for some of the coldest weather on record. What are the global warming geniuses saying about this?"
"You can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. Just remember, they all want to be YOU!"
"With few exceptions, only really smart people are able to make a lot of money. Hard work is also important, but ""brains"" will supersede."
"I just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman-he should resign from office!"
"Too bad about New York Magazine, but there's a much bigger one out there, currently doing a story on me to get even, that I'll soon discuss!"
"Remember I predicted that New York Magazine would  fold and people scoffed? Just announced (N.Y.Post) it lost big $'s &amp; is cutting way back!"
"@Laker_Steve   Thanks Steve!"
"The least number of hurricanes in the U.S. in decades. So they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it"
"That was a great football game."
"@10AJMcCarron  AJ is a GREAT quarterback who is finally being recognized as such - a total winner. What a pass!"
"Wow, the ObamaCare website, which President Obama said would be working TODAY, is a total mess with many functions not even thought about!"
"Just left $259 million rebuilding of Doral in Miami. Amazing - Trump National Doral will be a masterpiece (if I do say so myself)!"
"I hope you buy my shirts and ties at @Macys"
"Today is the day that ObamaCare website was supposed to be up and working. WRONG-website is closed down, a total disaster! 90 million doomed"
"Offshore Wind in Europe: Lessons for the U.S. http://t.co/Nty91wF8B1 via @HuffPostGreen The lesson should be that it's a lousy idea!!!"""
"First Minister Salmond should stop his fruitless drive for obsolete wind turbines in Scotland-he would become popular again!  @alexsalmond"
"Trump International in Dubai  will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world. Congratulations to @damacofficial for their genius!"
"Congratulations to Dubai on winning the rights to host Expo 2020! A great place winning a major global event.@damacofficial  @dubaiexpo2020"
"My ties, shirts and cufflinks have never been more beautiful-THE BEST-available at Macy's!"
"Work begins on the Old Post Office in Washington D.C. in 3 months. It will soon become one of the great hotels of the world."
"I am in Miami at Trump National Doral. Just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites. Blue Monster complete-opens Dec 14."
"@RSPBScotland  RSPB IS A TOTAL JOKE-They went for  bird chopping wind turbines in @Aberdeenshire and fought me on bird friendly golf course!"
"@RSPBScotland @alexsalmond, the same man that released Pan Am terrorist for humane reasons, will destroy Scotland with grotesque turbines!"
"@RSPBScotland must fight to save the massive bird population which will be devastated by wind turbines in @Aberdeenshire. @alexsalmond"
"HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE, ENJOY YOUR DAY!"
"I truly believe that our country has the worst and dumbest negotiators of virtually any country in the world."
"Can you believe that ""President"" Karzai of Afghanistan is holding out for more, more, more and refuses to sign deal. Tell him to go to hell!"
"Despite the fact that I have had great success with the words YOU'RE FIRED, I do not like firing people. But ZERO on ObamaCare mess-no way!"
"Why doesn't President Obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie, announce that ObamaCare was a mistake, and deal a really great plan!"
"President Obama said, over and over again, if you like your plan, you can keep your plan, PERIOD! This turned out to be a total lie-90 mill."
"I will be in Palm Beach, Jupiter, and Miami today checking on big construction projects. I love Florida and love on time and on budget const"
"President Obama is finally getting hammered, even by his most loyal supporters and the press-I guess they can only take so much!"
"New poll, WOW-53% say President Obama is not honest &amp; trustworthy. What took them so long. Go back and look at his house purchase in Chicago"
"Don't worry, THE UNITED STATES WILL BE GREAT AGAIN!"
"Just got home, watching the news, and every story is bad about the U.S. Someday we will return to being great again, but we need leadership!"
"After settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars, J.P.Morgan's lawyer is critical of the amount of the fine-why did they settle then-DUMB!"
"Best book ever on dealmaking (or so they say) - TRUMP: THE ART OF THE DEAL.  Go get it, and others, Washington - you really can do better!"
"I know it has been many years since our country made great deals, but isn't it about time we start, right now. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"The reason great dealmakers do not OPENLY celebrate a deal, especially one that is not complete, is that it shows weakness to the other side"
"John Kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with Iran. Great dealmakers do not celebrate deals,they just go on to the next one"
"Tom Brady is a good friend of mine, a great player, a great guy and a total winner! Fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs!"
"Tom Brady has done a great job tonight-amazing New England comeback. Good game- not over yet!"
"We had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with Iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap. WHY?"
"How much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent     leader - ObamaCare, Iran, Syria, bads deals. JUST NEVER ENDS"
"I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7. Will be discussing basic stupidity and incompetence, of which our ""leaders"" have plenty!"
"I do not understand how so many of my Jewish friends backed Obama in the last election. He is a TOTAL DISASTER FOR ISRAEL-AND ALWAYS WILL BE"
"How far has the United States gone down when we are reduced to accept the imbecilic deal just agreed to with Iran. Read THE ART OF THE DEAL!"
"What a rotten deal we made with Iran. We get nothing (except laughter at our stupidity). They get everything, including delay and big cash!"
"They changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working!"
"The people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you ObamaCare!"
"Snow and ice, freezing weather, in Texas, Arizona and Oklahoma - what the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING?"
"Get smart on knockout assaults and crime - we have to be slightly more vicious (and violent) than the assaulter-and crime would end FAST!"
"The scum that gets high on badly hurting old ladies and others through knockout assaults wouldn't feel that way with a gun at their head!"
"We are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the Iran nuclear talks. Strengthen sanctions until GREAT deal is made!"
"For all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack, please remember the late, great Charles Bronson-no more crime!"
"Weak newscasters are asking ""is there a racial component to knockout attacks?"" Of course there is and weakness will only make it worse!"
"If you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged, and you carry a gun, shoot the bastard (teach them a lesson)!"
"Knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth. We better start getting tough in this country-and they want to take our guns!"
"Today will be a great day at work - have only one word in mind, VICTORY!"
"@morningmika   I'm watching Joe (who is 100% correct on Afghanistan) fondling the once great Time Magazine-so sad to see how skimpy it is!"
"Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024-with all costs by U.S.A.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT!"
"Afghanistan leaders want the U.S. to keep 20, 000 troops there for many more years, fully paid for by the U.S., but first they want apology."
"Work is fun, deals are fun, life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. Go out there and make your family proud."
"ALWAYS BORROW MONEY FROM A PESSIMIST BECAUSE HE WILL NEVER EXPECT IT TO BE PAID BACK!"
"Go to work today, be smart, think positively and WIN!"
"I took some heat a long time ago when I said that George Zimmerman was a sicko and bad news. I know people and this guy is no good-trouble!"
"President Obama played golf yesterday???"
"The polls have shown that DEAD PEOPLE voted for President Obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right!"
"I will be going to Trump National Doral in Miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new Blue Monster. AMAZING!"
"How did the NCAA, which is weak and becoming irrelevant, extract such a big &amp; reputation shattering settlement from Penn State. Others zero!"
"Maybe some of the dead voters who helped get President Obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for ObamaCare."
"The wimps that run Penn State should be forced to resign (and be sued) for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy"
"I wonder if the Rutgers coach who had the audacity to yell at the player is a proponent of global warming?"
"Football coaches are no longer allowed to scream and yell at their players because it is discriminatory,racist and can be viewed as bullying"
"I wonder what the late, great Vince Lombardi would say about the Rutgers football player who says he is being bullied because coach yelled?"
"The real J.P.Morgan is spinning in his grave at the ridiculous settlements the bank is making to settle disputes. A settler is a soft target"
"13 BILLION, 4.5 BILLION-these are the stupid settlements that J.P.Morgan just made. Why don't they FIGHT? No wonder they keep getting sued."
"@not_that_actor   Very good!"
"@gary4205   Thanks Gary."
"@EveningExpress   Thank you for your fair and balanced reporting. You provide a great and important service to the people of Scotland!"
"@ReaIOsmelSousa   Great job in helping our wonderful Miss Universe - there is nobody like you - CONGRATULATIONS!"
"The only deal the Republicans should accept is a complete repeal of ObamaCare. You have them on the run - don't fold - go for it!"
"Did President Obama have a rough day yesterday, or what? He has got to start telling the truth - NO MORE LIES OR DECEPTION!"
"The cast has been largely selected for next year's Celebrity Apprentice.  Wait 'till you hear the names-AMAZING! Season 14-many nights at #1"
"@grouponegav   Yes, online through Macy's."
"President Obama is the best thing that ever happened to Jimmy Carter!"
"In a new poll a majority of people felt  the president ""knowingly lied"" about health care pledge. Who are the fools who don't think he lied?"
"@BretBaier  You are doing really great - keep it up (of which I have no doubt)."
"No matter how far down a path you go, if it's the wrong path, turn around and go back home - before it is too late."
"ObamaCare is on LIFE SUPPORT - it will soon be DEAD ON ARRIVAL - A bad concept that was imcompetently administered!"
"President Obama is under pressure from Democrats to undo his lie on ObamaCare. His problem is that such a move would end ObamaCare."
"ObamaCare is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4,992,343 AMERICANS LOSING COVERAGE, LESS THAN 50,OOO NEW SIGNUPS."
"@eminofficial  Emin, your performance at Miss Universe was fantastic - you are a STAR!"
"@Judithdbailey   Thank you!"
"@WCMartzOfficial  Thank you."
"@AgalarovAras   I had a great weekend with you and your family. You have done a FANTASTIC job. TRUMP TOWER-MOSCOW is next. EMIN was WOW!"
"Happy Veterans Day to ALL, in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are!!!"
"WE WILL ONLY BE THE LAND OF THE FREE AS LONG AS WE ARE HOME OF THE BRAVE!"
"Don't worry, when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made, we will start doing the right things."
"While I was in Moscow I see that President Obsma apologized for his lie, I mean statement, on ObamaCare! How nice of him to be so forthright"
"The Republicans must be patient and smart - ObamaCare could sweep them into office in far greater numbers than anyone ever thought possible!"
"If Justice Roberts had done the right thing and voted against ObamaCare, our country would be in a lot better shape right now! TOTAL TURMOIL"
"Drew Brees is having a great game - a fantastic quarterback and really good guy!"
"If we could force Russia, China and other competitors to use ObamaCare, we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success!"
"Remember that I predicted a long time ago that President Obama will attack Iran because of his inability to negotiate properly-not skilled!"
"I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7."
"I just got back from Russia-learned lots &amp; lots. Moscow is a very interesting and amazing place! U.S. MUST BE VERY SMART AND VERY STRATEGIC."
"I was just given a great tour of Moscow - fantastic, hard working people. CITY IS REALLY ENERGIZED! The World will be watching tonight!"
"I'm in Moscow for Miss Universe tonight - picking a winner is very hard, they are all winners. Total sellout of arena. Big night in Russia!"
"I will be going to Asheville, North Carolina, tonight for the 95th birthday party of the GREAT Billy Graham - such a wonderful man!"
"If Democrats do not start opposing ObamaCare, and fast, Republicans will have a massive victory in 2014 - far greater than any predictions!"
"A level will be reached where ObamaCare will be so out of control, expensive and unwieldy that the biggest supporters will abandon ship."
"Prediction: The disaster known as ObamaCare will only get worse and Republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years!"
"Put Kathleen Sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say, YOU'RE FIRED! Let her go home to her family and rest. BRING IN TOP FLIGHT PEOPLE!"
"She is so sad and pathetic that I almost feel sorry for Sec.Sebelius. She has done great harm to many people and must be fired. Incompetent!"
"Just sit back and watch, ObamaCare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards. The website is the best part of this mess!"
"When Obama tried to tweak his previous statement on ObamaCare he made it an even greater lie-even the Senate Democrats are angry with him!"
"Our NOBEL PRIZE FOR PEACE president said ""I'm really good at killing people"" according to just out book Double Down. Can Oslo retract prize?"
"The truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in U.S. would benefit!"
"Can you believe that the builder of the failed ObamaCare website was just given a new government contract - how stupid is that - CLUELESS!!!"
"I would gain a whole new respect for President Obama if he would say, ""look, we made a big mistake, sorry!"" No more lies or deception."
"Lies and incompetence - the two words that are most closely associated with ObamaCare!"
"Wow, just watching the news.ObamaCare and the website are TOTALLY OUT OF CONTROL. Costs are through the roof. This could be ruinous to U.S.!"
"Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in five minutes - enjoy and good morning!"
"Millions losing healthcare plans despite President Obama's promise that this WOULD NOT HAPPEN! What about a massive protest march on D.C."
"The bus driver who saved the woman from jumping off the bridge was really cool, great guy. I'm going to send him $10, 000-he deserves it!"
"Isn't the WORLD tired of hearing President Obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes!"
"Looks like a very good World Series game!"
"How come Snowden and ObamaCare have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on President Obama?"
"ObamaCare is a disaster and Snowden is a spy who should be executed-but if it and he could reveal Obama's records,I might become a major fan"
"It is now a FACT that President Obama lied in order to get ObamaCare passed-that is fraud and the legislation should be recinded-INTERESTING"
"Maybe if Obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing - but either way it is just another disaster!"
"I just don't know why some of these NFL teams with lousy quarterbacks don't give Tim Tebow a chance - what do they have to lose?"
"There are so many blatant lies coming out of the ADMINISTRATION - healthcare, spying, NSA, IRS, brutally killed Americans -WILL IT EVER END?"
"Does anybody really think that President Obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible!"
"Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00.  Will be discussing the disgusting and wasteful $635 million website rollout and more!"
"The new line of Trump ties, shirts and cufflinks are out at Macy's and are really beautiful at a really reasonable.price. Go check them out!"
"President Obama should bring Secretaty Sebelius into his office, look right into her beautiful blue eyes and say,with emotion, YOU'RE FIRED!"
"@10AJMcCarron  Great game against Tennessee  by the most unappreciated (by the media) quarterback in college football - and no more tattoos!"
"Good night everyone - sleep well and tomorrow have many victories!"
"I must say that some of these college football games are great tonight-very exciting-I wish I had more time to watch!"
"@ManagersDiary   Thank you-always a good thought."
"Isn't it amazing that the U.S. and NSA can listen to the highly protected phone conversations of world leaders but can't get O's records!"
"At this point the legacy of the Obama Administration will be, sadly, that of THE GANG THAT COULDN'T SHOOT STRAIGHT - what a pathetic mess!"
"With the $635 million dollar website fiasco, getting caught tapping phones of WORLD LEADERS and so much more, U.S. is looking really stupid!"
"Can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by NSA.Obama mess"
"@pbrooks65. Great taste, enjoy!"
"When a complex website is broken the best thing to do is blow it up and start all over again-then sue the culprits and use the proper team!"
"Why doesn't President Obama call upon the NSA to fix the badly broken website-then they could spy on all of the many cheaters &amp; arrest them!"
"Honestly, whether you're for or against ObamaCare, the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the U.S. It makes us look totally inept!"
"Breaking news - The Washington Redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name Washington from their name!"
"Doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!"
"I would bet that we have many great American technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic ObamaCare website for ZERO dollars!"
"Why doesn't President Obama just get the people from Google to fix the failed   website. In fact, why didn't he use them in the first place!"
"@Richardjnandlal  Very nice, best wishes!"
"@ArcturusRex4. Good question!"
"@NYMag   I hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing, boring abd totally biased New York ""Ragazine""-SAVE YOUR MONEY!"
"THE ROLLOUT OF OBAMACARE IS A TOTAL DISASTER AND AN EMBARRASSMENT TO OUR COUNTRY. THE WORLD IS WATCHING AND LAUGHING.$635,000,000 WEBSITE!"
"@NYMag   In every interview New York Magazine has done for years they ask the same question - ""What do you think of Donald Trump?"" Beggars!"
"@NYMag  Can you imagine a top editor at New York Magazine calling for my death-if they were responsible, he would be fired! Totally biased."
"@NYMag   Wow, numbers are really looking bad at  New York Magazine. While very boring, it is also very biased. Too bad, was once great!"
"Just like its website, ObamaCare is a disaster.Maybe all those who are fighting it are wasting their time-it will fail on its own!"
"Secy. Sebelius, who was responsible for the horrendous ObamaCare rollout, should resign or be fired.Refuses to go before Congress to explain"
"@ThomasARoberts   Thomas, you will be a fantastic host of the Miss Universe Pageant live from Moscow on Nov 9. Great doing your show today!"
"Wow, China's growth accelerated 7.8% in third quarter.  If the U.S. had half that number we would be the talk of the World - need leadership"
"ObamaCare website fiasco was a SINGLE bid to a Canadian company - terrible!"
"I build beautiful websites with very smart and imaginative people for almost NOTHING. OUR GOVERNMENT SPENT ALMOST $535, 000, 000 for NOTHING"
"The contract to build the ObamaCare website was given to a CANADIAN company for $55, 744, 081. It then bloated to $292, 071,067 INCOMPETENCE"
"By the way, New York State MUST LOWER TAXES (and fast) and must start going after all of the ""energy"" that lies just below our feet (now)!"
"Thanks for all of the great support but I just don't see myself wanting to run for Governor of New York - I have something else in mind!"
"Remember, if you don't pat yourself on the back, nobody else will. Take credit for your successes and don't let others forget!!!!!!"
"I'm glad that Mark Cuban won the ridiculous case with the    S.E.C.  It never should have been brought in the first place!"
"What a great day it was yesterday showing the public Trump Links at Ferry Point. I took over a disaster and made it GREAT! Good job to all!"
"Trump Links will be a great championship golf course that will host many major tournaments and bring tremendous $'s &amp; prestige to N.Y.C.!"
"Will be cutting ribbon at           10 A.M. with Mayor Bloomberg and Jack Nicklaus for the opening of TRUMP LINKS at FERRY POINT."
"Thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of Ivanka's little boy - so nice!"
"My beautiful daughter Ivanka just had a healthy baby boy. Jared and Ivanka are very proud!"
"@Roc_Cayard   So nice, thank you."
"@BillNojay   Thank you for your great confidence! OUR STATE, LIKE OUR COUNTRY, IS IN SERIOUS TROUBLE. Keep up the good fight."
"@AnnetteNavaret  Great."
"@christineinsatx  Thank you Christine."
"@TiffanyATrump   Happy birthday to my baby - and keep up the great work at school. We are all proud of you!"
"@AdityaTaday   Thank you!"
"Somebody got rich building the ObamaCare website which doesn't even come close to working - where has the money gone?"
"I know a great deal about websites etc. but I am unable to understand how our government spent $635 million on the ObamaCare site-&amp; disaster"
"Jack Welch thinks Sam Palmisano, retired CEO of IBM, should be the next CEO of MICROSOFT. Interesting!"
"@jmackd10   Thank you."
"@suereformer   Tell John he is a total winner!"
"@DigGower @piersmorgan @DailyMirror @guardian 4th now! David should have seen his interview with @realDonaldTrump truly amazing."""
"@TrainSpartanFit   Your family and dad are great-your mother must have been amazing!"
"@piersmorgan I urge every politician in Washington to tune into CNN and listen to @realDonaldTrump 's advice on how to do a deal."""
"@piersmorgan   Watch CNN tonight as Piers and I discuss Obama, SHUTDOWN, leadership and many other topics of interest - 9 PM - 10 minutes!"
"If the U.S. Government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel, I will.The U.S. under Obama's leadership!"
"It is outrageous and disgusting that families of U.S. MILITARY personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. SAD!"
"@GenallKasmikha  I notice, thanks Genall!"
"With President Obama it's all talk and no action. Our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late!"
"I'm just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words, day after day, from our President. It's time to stop talking-WORK!"
"President Obama wants to change the name of the ""White House"" because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct!"
"President should not be telling the Washington Redskins to change their name-our country has far bigger problems! FOCUS on them,not nonsense"
"The Obama Administration has a very important duty to provide a budget - and then negotiate! OUR COUNTRY is a laughingstock!"
"@kdawnpatterson  While I never ran, I thank you. Let's see what happens in the future!"
"@andypoo19   Thank you."
"New York State's lightweight A.G. is driving business &amp; jobs out of N.Y. Look into his past-he shouldn't even be allowed to hold office!"
"Wow, three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing!"
"The Republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are NOT sticking together. Sen. McCain just said ""we can't win"".Very bad!"
"Remember that in 2006 then Senator Obama voted NOT TO INCREASE THE DEBT CEILING. Now he acts in disbelief as others plan to do the same!"
"@BrennenChase   Thanks!"
"@mikemarchlik  Thank you!"
"@DanyellaAngel  Thank you Danyella-if you would like to work there call Jackie in my office (NY)."
"@Eamyoncanoe  Cute boy, nice."
"@karliejanowski   Thanks Karlie!"
"With proper thinking and leadership, we can have a much better plan than Obamacare - something that works for the people and costs much less"
"Obamacare is far toooo expensive, far toooo complicated (thousands of pages) and, most importantly, doesn't work. WE CAN DO MUCH BETTER!"
"Our country and it's leadership has to be so careful and so smart - these are treacherous times, like no other. The world is a crazy place!"
"Iran is toying with our president - buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership. Syria, and now this! What's next?"
"@cripplecreek101  Thanks and true!"
"I am so happy that I was able to do something really good for the Bronx - and lots of jobs!"
"Yes, this is a large scale version of when I built and saved the ice skating rink in Central Park (which all should go to). Great course!"
"@stretch33701  Good point, yes!"
"Credit the Bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished - will be BIG for NY."
"To be called Trump Links at Ferry Point, course will be GREAT and, over the years, hold many tournaments and major championships-$'s to NYC."
"Once the Bloomberg administration selected Trump to take over the very expensive and years late project, I kicked ""ass"" and got it done fast"
"The big golf course project on the water by the Whitestone Bridge in NYC that has been under construction for many years now complete-GREAT!"
"@NeNeLeakes   NeNe asks me for advice and I am happy to oblige. Tonight at 9.00 on Bravo (and watch her ratings go through the roof!)."
"@MileyCyrus is on a very triky and slippery path right now.The right moves will lead to greatness, the wrong moves to oblivion! GUIDANCE."
"I am a defender of @MileyCyrus, who I think is a good person (and not because she stays at my hotels), but last night's outfit must go!"
"The Emmys are sooooo boring!  Terrible show. I'm going to watch football! I already know the winners. Good night."
"Is it the Neil Patrick Harris show or the Emmy Awards?How was he ever put in this position to start with? CRAZY!"
"Referees are destroying the enjoyment of NFL games. Slowing down the fun. Big shots. Jets game is ridiculous!"
"Big things going on today at Trump National-Westchester!"
"@teamreiss8   Thanks."
"@MelissaIl   Really good, thanks M."
"@PatsIntensity  Happy birthday!"
"@OriginalArts1  Thank you, it is great. You have real talent!"
"Republicans must unite to defund Obamacare - it will drive our country into oblivion and, by the way, the healthcare is no good anyway!"
"An important part of my (or anybody's) success is the ability to judge people. I believe that @MileyCyrus is a really good person."
"@magmom13  Yes, she is FANTASTIC!"
"Move slowly, carefully --- and then strike like the fastest animal on the planet!"
"President Obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. Be cool, move slowly - and think! IRAN"
"President Obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with Iran that lots of bad results can occur. Be cool and be careful!"
"@geomac24   Amazing engineering accomplishment that does not make economic sense."
"Lightweight Schneiderman's suit was filed on a Saturday (unheard of) against a school with a 98% approval rating right after Obama meeting."
"Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman meets with President Obama (who he told me ""sucks"" as a president), and quickly files a suit against me!"
"@iPhoneTeam  Better get a large screen iPhone, and fast, or risk losing even more business. Samsung cannot believe you have not acted! DUMB!"
"I cannot believe that Apple didn't come out with a larger screen IPhone. Samsung is stealing their business. STEVE JOBS IS SPINNING IN GRAVE"
"@Phil_Grech Your not free, you'll never be free. You'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!"
"@dalasner Yes."
"@LeighAnnMac   Send his info to my office."
"@10AJMcCarron   Great game last week, your team really needed you!"
"Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected A.G. in the U.S. He is a total joke!"
"Why is lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman allowed to ask for campaign contributions from my people during settlement negotiations?"
"Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman sued school with a 98% approval rating while billions in corruption goes unpunished. A total crook?"
"@seanhannity  #Defund Obamacare!"
"Just returned from Trump Doral in Miami. Massive construction job. When completed will be the best resort in U.S. Blue Monster is amazing!"
"@seanhannity   Thanks Sean, keep up the good work!"
"The Costa Concordia shipwreck is a MONUMENT TO STUPIDITY but the uprighting of the ship is a MONUMENT TO GENIUS!"
"American Exceptionalism and the Navy Yard shooting do not go hand in hand. Foreign countries, in particular Russia, are mocking the U.S."
"The Navy Yard shooting is a horrible disaster. If we don't clean up OUR COUNTRY of the garbage soon, we are just going to do a death spiral!"
"@ArsenioHall has great ratings-I told you so. He should pay me at least 25% of his earnings because he would be nowhere without Donald Trump"
"@AnishaBhasin1   You wedding at Trump National was one of the most beautiful I have ever seen - more importantly, an amazing couple!"
"@FloydMayweather  The judge who called the fight a draw should be thrown out of boxing-it wasn't even close. She is incompetent (or worse)"
"When I say I would end Obamacare, I would also come up with a plan that would be far better, much easier to understand, and cost less!"
"@FloydMayweather  GREAT FIGHT FLOYD - YOU SHOWED THEM ALL ONCE AGAIN!"
"@FloydMayweather  My prediction of Floyd is looking good!"
"New York Fashion Week is really bad, and used to be so glamorous and exciting! No stars, no fun-just boring. They need serious help. #NYFW"
"@charliemurphy   Just remember, Arsenio wouldn't be back at all if it were not for Donald J. Trump - he admits that - he will do great!"
"I truly hope President Obama doesn't do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face. He must sit back and chill"
"@MarkSimoneNY  Mark - thanks for remembering."
"@umman91   Great going, congrats!"
"@JanMillerCoHost  Thanks Jan!"
"We should stop talking, stay out of Syria and other countries that hate us, rebuild our own country and make it strong and great again-USA!"
"Most people do not know what Presient Obama is going to do to save his legacy. I do! He's got to get back to basics.Forget Syria-FIX THE USA"
"I will be doing #GDNY Good Day N.Y. with Rosanna &amp;Greg live at 8.30 A.M.  I will be giving money to a great guy who lost his son in the WTC."
"Putin's letter is a masterpiece for Russia and a disaster for the U.S. He is lecturing to our President.Never has our Country looked to weak"
"@realDonaldTrump: I would like to extend my best wishes to all, even the haters and losers, on this special date, September 11th."
"Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY, jobs, healthcare and all of our many problems. Forget Syria and make America great again!"
"Putin is having such a good time. Our President is making him look like the genius of all geniuses. Do not fear,we are a NATION OF POTENTIAL"
"I said that Eliot Spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls. I fought him when others retreated out of fear. NEVER GIVE UP!"
"Weiner is gone, Spitzer is gone - next will be lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? Wait and see, worse than Spitzer or Weiner"
"Assad hit the jackpot!"
"Back to work for the President to try and keep some dignity for the office and himself. The so-called rebels must be thoroughly confused!"
"The only reason Obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-Putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad!"
"Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spitzer. Remember, in the beginning they said it couldn't be done!"
"I fought hard against Spitzer and Weiner, and both lost. For a while, when Spitzer was way up, it seemed that I was a lone voice! Good power"
"Wow, Eliot Spitzer has lost - great news for New York City!"
"Bottom line, I don't think President changed people's minds - must hope for a lifeline from Putin, a very dangerous lifeline at that!"
"We will have to see what Russia's next move will be. They may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess!"
"He is working hard and for that he must be given credit!"
"Doesn't want to remove Assad - worries what comes next."
"Making his case in a nice and articulate manner."
"Does he look sharp, smart and presidential-his hands keep hitting the podium, making a loud and distracting noise-microphone too sensitive."
"Here we go!"
"Will be covering President Obama's speech at 9.00 on Twitter-you are all so lucky!"
"Red line statement was a disaster for President Obama."
"This new Russian strategy guarantees victory for the Syrian government-and makes Obama and U.S. look hopelessly bad. President in trouble!"
"The Russians are playing a very smart game. In the meantime they are buying lots of time for Syria and making U.S. look foolish. Dangerous!"
"This George Zimmerman is really a mess - he really has to just disappear! (He attacked his wife last night)."
"@ArsenioHall   Arsenio, may your run be long, successful and important-just be yourself and you will be a smash! Good luck."
"I'll be going to the Old Post Office Building on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. today. Will create one of world's great hotels. Lots of jobs!"
"Do you believe what is going on in Washington with respect to Syria - these people don't have a clue!"
"@LonghornHomer  He is not smart enough to understand!"
"@Toure  Why does a network allow a stupid racist like Toure to stay on the air when his ratings are so abysmal! Can there be only one reason"
"Icahn, Kravis, Zell, Buffett have all used the bankrutcy law to their benefit. Many of the top business people do."
"@Toure  Dumb as a rock Toure doesn't have a clue about money or anything else-merely a simpleton racist.Really bad ratings,really stupid guy"
"@Toure If you weren't such a dumb racist moron with bad ratings you would know I never filed for bankruptcy,now worth over $10 billion dummy"
"Don't attack Syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!"
"Why are we fighting for the ""rebels"" that hate us-only to save face for Obama!"
"Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M."
"Also, great comeback by the New York Jets. That game was over until a really dumb defensive play by Tampa. Amazing."
"Tony Romo just made a great play-Giants are getting killed!"
"Great comeback by Tom Brady-New England!"
"The New York Giants are looking really bad so far tonight. Does not get much worse than this!"
"@FidanizzBig   You need both, thanks."
"Do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the Obama administration anymore - The Teflon President!"
"@mathewaiken Great!"
"@dexterpugh   Great looking couple-good to have him back!"
"My shirts, ties and suits are selling great @Macy's because they are the best and most stylish at a really reasonable price - thanks!"
"@Midgespeaks  I want him to do a great job but he can't."
"President Obama, do not attack Syria. There is no upside and tremendous downside. Save your ""powder"" for another (and more important) day!"
"Isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks President Obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there!"
"Speaking of our very stupid war with Iraq, it is totally disintegrating and Iran (with Russia) will walk in and take it over (lots of oil)!"
"@lucindamac  Thank you, but we are dealing with many very stupid people!"
"I'm a Republican but not a fan of the last George Bush-he also was a lousy President (Iraq etc.). In fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama!"
"Former President Jimmy Carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst President in the history of the United States!"
"Syria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas! A polititian's war."
"Just watching NBC News where our potential attack is being detailed-the exact ships, the stealth bombers, the destinations-so ridiculous!"
"If Syria was forced to use Obamacare they would self-destruct without a shot being fired. Obama should sell them that idea!"
"When we have big disasters, no one comes to our aid or even suggests helping - but we are always expected to come to the aid of others!"
"I am not angry at Russia (or China) because their leaders are far smarter than ours. We need real leadership, and fast,before it is too late"
"I wonder how much our ""leaders"" have promised, or given, Russia in order for them to behave and not make the U.S. look even worse?"
"Really bad news just announced concerning jobs. Far fewer jobs created in August than anticipated. Interest rates, therefore, to remain low."
"We don't have the leadership, including the Generals (who just said the element of surprise does not matter) to attack anyone! Cool it."
"Did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our President explaining what, when and where to Congress about a Syrian attack. Far too late!"
"The terrorists in Syria are calling themselves REBELS and getting away with it because our leaders are so         completely stupid!"
"We should not attack Syria but if they make the stupid move to do so, the Arab League,whose members are laughing at us, should pay!"
"AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN &amp; FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!"
"While everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack Syria, maybe we should knock the hell out of Iran and their nuclear capabilities?"
"If you look at the horrible picture on the front page of the NY Times of the ""rebels"" executing prisoners, you would say forget the rebels!"
"Tell Congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world. Make America great again!"
"The only reason President Obama wants to attack Syria is to save face over his very dumb RED LINE statement. Do NOT attack Syria,fix U.S.A."
"President Obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about Syria crossing the RED LINE. Amazingly, now he denies he said that!"
"@Gene_Valin   Thank you."
"@dongibson12 Very true!"
"Is Anthony Weiner a jerk or what!"
"Jay Leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show. My answer is always no because his show sucks. They love my ratings!"
"@twojacksdetail  Send it to me in New York, Doug!  Thanks."
"For all of those fools that want to attack Syria, the U.S.has lost the vital element of surprise-so stupid-could be a disaster!"
"What I am saying is stay out of Syria."
"The great GENERALS MacArthur and Patton, real leaders and fighters, are spinning in their graves as we give Syria info &amp; time to prepare."
"President Obama's ""Arab Spring"" is not looking so good right now!"
"Think of it, the Arab League doesn't want to get involved with Syria - but they want us to do their dirty work. How stupid!"
"If the U.S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets, killing civilians, there will be worldwide hell to pay. Stay away and fix broken U.S."
"Our country is looking very bad right now!"
"@ArsenioHall   After Arsenio won Celebrity Apprentice he told me, in tears, that I would be his first guest if he got a show. No interest!"
"Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he has ever done, and now he wants to be comptroller. Thrown out of politics and off of TV, CRAZY!"
"Each time I see one of Anthony Weiner's television ads for mayor I ask, what the hell is he doing just wasting money &amp; time-go get a job!"
"@tkeller316  Thanks!"
"In war, the elememt of surprise is sooooo important.What the hell is Obama doing."
"We have given Syria so much time and information-there has never been such an instance in wartime history. Syria is now fully prepared!"
"Why isn't the Arab League paying for everything and sending troops? They want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves!"
"The Arab League stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on Syria, but they want us to attack.Are our leaders insane or just stupid"
"It is truly amateur hour at the White House - and this is why we should not be doing the ""war thing"" right now!"
"@akmackey   So true!"
"President Obama's weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly (in more ways than money) attack on Syria!"
"@BrandiHarmon   Good luck."
"@BBPACK  You have real talent!"
"@TheGrumpyHusky  Happy birthday."
"@DanShrigley Thank you."
"Did anyone notice that Obama failed to get a coalition of other countries to go along with us. He couldn't even get Britain! NO LEADERSHIP."
"@AveyahDoesWatch   Thank you."
"Be prepared, there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III."
"China is already preparing to benefit economically from this mess. They will pick up the pieces and make yet another fortune-&amp; laugh at us!"
"Obama now just wants to save face, Russia is now telling him ""don't do it"". He waited too long and the other side is much better prepared."
"Who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes. Call it the ""PLENTY OF NOTICE WAR"""
"Syria has prepared for an attack based on all of our ""talk"" - they have moved targeted ammunition and supplies to new locations.Amazing!"
"For the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what, when and where they will be doing in a future attack!"
"The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!"
"How bad has our ""leader"" made us look on Syria. Stay out of Syria, we don't have the leadership to win wars or even strategize."
"If Obama attacks Syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed, he and the U.S. will look very bad!"
"Is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with Syria? Our leaders don't know what they are doing!"
"The ratings of The Cycle on MSNBC, a sad and pathetic show, are way down. If they fired racist moron @Toure, a truly stupid guy, they live!"
"Pervert Weiner is dead in his race for mayor of NYC but WOW, Eliot Spitzer has dropped way down in recent poll for comptroller. SLEAZE!"
"So, a woman in Chicago, who never had a job, has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). These kids will never work. Trouble!"
"@WCMartzOfficial  So true!"
"@Beliefheals  Interesting and thanks!"
"@benfromdallas  Thanks Ben."
"@AgnesphAgnes  I agree, thanks."
"I hope everyone read the brilliant article in American Spectator about leightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. He should be run out of office!"
"In that @TimeWarner has @HBO with really dumb racist  Bryant Gumbel(and I mean dumb), and no CBS (which fired Bryant), I am switching bldgs."
"People are really liking the new ties and shirts @Macy's-they are amazing and selling great!"
"Wow, @CNBC ratings are really low, worst in many years. I guess I'll have to start doing my Tuesday morning interviews with them again!"
"The United States needs to fix its own problems, of which there are many, first!"
"Let the Arab League take care of Syria. Why are these rich Arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack?"
"If we are going to continue to be stupid and go into Syria (watch Russia), as they say in the movies, SHOOT FIRST AND TALK LATER!"
"I wonder what the great generals like Patton, the big M, or Robert E. LEE would have thought about our stupid broadcasting of an attack?"
"@walaa_3ssaf   No, dopey, I would not go into Syria, but if I did it would be by surprise and not blurted all over the media like fools."
"That said, the rich Arab countries should get involved with the Syrian mess, not us.We should start rebuilding our own country &amp; military."
"Why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack Syria. Why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?"
"I give the President's speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! Not bad but room for improvement!"
"Why would anyone think Obama would attack Syria the day of his speech in Washington. He doesn't want to detract from his press &amp; glory."
"@kimguilfoyle   Thanks for your support - I greatly enjoyed your comments on The Five the other day. Best wishes!"
"As I predicted long ago, the war in Iraq was a disaster for the U.S. Heading for civil war, there are bombings all over the place.Iran happy"
"@Givens1964  Very cool, thanks."
"Fox and Friends"
"Wow, l just found out that A.G. Schneiderman met with President Obama in Syracuse on Thursday --- and sued me on Saturday! Same as IRS etc."
"What did our very stupid &amp; ineffective A.G. Eric Schneidean, during his trips to MY office, tell me about President Obama &amp; Governor Cuomo?"
"After years of long stops then starts, why did dopey Eric Scheiderman tell people in The Trump Org. ""this case is going away,we have no case"
"How can an Attorney General ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag!"
"Why did lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman come to my office on numerous occasions begging for campaign contributions? Also, recent asks?"
"Why is it that Eric Schneiderman is considered a lightweight by so many and has failed to go after Jon Corzine and big abusers for billions?"
"Why did failing A.G. Eric Schneiderman, after years of looking, file his pathetic lawsuit on a SATURDAY afternoon (unheard of)? No case!"
"Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman, who has been a total failure in office, failed to report the 98% approval rating of students for courses"
"@nikkio   Thank you."
"@Obs3shyn  Thanks, it was fun and amazing!"
"@NickFaldo006   Sir Nick is not only a great player, he is a great guy -and, by the way, doing a fantastic job for CBS!"
"@BBPACK  Happy birthday!"
"@jmull71   Great Jason!"
"@Marilynn555 Thanks!"
"@Greek1958 Thank you John."
"@gabrielsherman Roger Ailes never called me about your piece on him Gabriel. He is a very smart and secure guy who doesn't need help from me"
"You must admit that Bryant Gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around - an arrogant dope with no talent. Failed at CBS etc-why still on TV?"
"GRETA IN A FEW MINUTES-on Fox."
"@gretawire .Doing Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-enjoy!"
"Chicago is a shooting disaster-they should immediately go to STOP AND FRISK. They have no choice, hundreds of lives would be saved!"
"@ukcarioca   Thank you."
"@J_TJOHNSON   Thanks"
"@MaestroBeadles   Interesting!"
"@Pollysdaughter   Very cute!"
"So, lets get this right. Steve Jobs dies and leaves his wife everything-billions of dollars. Now his wife has a boyfriend (lover). Oh Steve!"
"Re-build the United.States not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!"
"Let the Arab countries take care of Egypt-they have more to gain and plenty of money..It's time for the U.S. to stop being stupid.NO DOLLARS"
"@Howard2Lloyd Yes, at Macy's."
"We must leave ""stop and frisk"" for A-Rod and Anthony Weiner!"
"Obama' ststement on Egypt was terrible and dumb-now being used by military as a rallying cry-our foreign policy is worst in U.S. history."
"@ShawnaTova  Very nice, thanks."
"@CarlCICahn   Carl, keep lt going, I have a lot of Apple stock. Push them to QUICKLY come out with a larger screen for the I-PHone (Samsung)"
"@GregMazares  My honor, thanks!"
"@realDonaldTrump  Thanks!"
"@Timc1021 Thanks!"
"@garrendj   Thanks!"
"@justingodfrey   Great!"
"@PeteRose_14   Once again, it is time to let all time hits leader Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. He has paid a big price!"
"@AlfiraAzzahra   Great picture, say hello!"
"Republicans have very strong hand in their fight against Obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it ""tuff""!"
"Looks like Anthony Weiner Is through-most recent poll has him deeply in last place. GOOD NEWS"
"Good.morning, I'm going to work!"
"Not only is @Toure a racist (and boring), he's a really dumb guy!"
"@ariannahuff, I would love to represent your husband-you would end up with nothing! And please don't call Tim Armstrong stupid and weak?"
"Did the poor but smart to leave ex-husband of @ariannahuff get any of the dollars she got for the use of his name in really stupid AOL deal?"
"The failing @HuffingtonPost and dopey @ariannahuff are writing so much false junk about me-they just can't get enough!  BE CAREFUL."
"@MatthewSmales1   Thank you!"
"I can't believe that in New York we can't watch the PGA Championsip on CBS. How    .much discount is Time Warner giving its customers?"
"@jonkarl - very fair interview!"
"@tayloroftexas   So nice, good morning!"
"@theFAMiLYLEADER  Thank you, I had an amazing time!"
"@michaelfrench52  Don't lie, you will watch with great gusto!"
"@charleslfreemn  My finances have been totally filed dummy!"
"@theFAMiLYLEADER   It was great being with you last night - fantastic people, and Bob V is special!!!"
"@ThisWeekABC  Should be interesting - lets see how fair and honest they will be! Enjoy"
"@ThisWeekABC   I enjoyed my intetview with @jonkarl-I only hope it is fairly edited!"
"@not_that_actor   Very interesting!!!"
"@TPLRRT1   Thanks Thomas!"
"@alikilmartin. Stay tuned!"
"Big crowd expected tomorrow night in Iowa. It will be interesting and fun - great people!"
"Obama should meet with Putin snd convince him to do what is good for the U.S.  It's called good dealmaking or, simply, leadership! Cajole."
"@showtimeshelby   Thanks"
"@mjobrey27   66"
"@TLoUTEngineer  Thanks."
"@jake_grimes   Thanks."
"@ClemensIsland13   Have a great time-happy birthday!"
"@KyleMcCall4   So true-Alex Salmond is absolutely killing these great and brave people!"
"@sjohnstonefilm   Thank you!"
"@RachelYohee HI!"
"@KelBug99   HI!"
"Let @PeteRose in the HOF - it's time!"
"@Deneetro  Happy birthday!"
"Why has all time hits leader Pete Rose paid a 20 year price whrn A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete into The Hall of Fame!"
"@__Bolt   That could happen, he is terrific!"
"@green_i4u  Thank you!"
"@RobRosales1   Thank you Rob!"
"@MdsdadDotson Thanks Michelle!"
"@gretawire Will be on with Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-always a great show with Greta!"
"The Old Post Office building in Washington (D.C.) will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the world-lots of jobs!"
"We.signed our deal to take over the historic Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Ave. from the U.S. and convert it into super luxury hotel-jobs!"
"@Icallbullsh_t   Please send info to 725  Fifth Ave, N.Y. 10022.  Thanks."
"@GallenofMilk13 Great going."
"@noall   Thank you!"
"@not_that_actor    I know!"
"@eboy12318   Thanks!"
"Isn't it sad the way Putin is toying with Obama regarding Snowden. We look weak and pathetic. Could not happen with.a strong leader!"
"@JGrant_Realtor  Thank you!"
"When I jokingly said ""bring back Steve Jobs to run Apple"" because Apple has not been doing well, the haters &amp; losers had a field day!  Sad."
"@The_Iron_Lad Conservative!"
"@MEEDColin   Yes, very soon.  Project will be amazing!"
"@firdousalidr Have fun!"
"@ccalder0811 Thank you."
"@glenda_goff Happy birthday Glenda!"
"@An3T   Thanks."
"@rat4xmas Thanks Tim!"
"@hugozepedatv   Thank you."
"@Cancer_Champion  Thank you for those nice words!"
"@Based_Erc   Thanks.Eric."
"Poll numbers have nosedived for pervert NYC mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner- good news for New York!"
"@not_that_actor   Thank you Andy!"
"@lunaticial Sorry Dopey, I bought lots of Facebook Stock at 16."
"@JUrciuoli19 Justin, it will be on in the Fall - the cast will be great!"
"@sgonzalez1964 Thanks Sonia."
"Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing!"
"@da1nonlyasulony Thank you so much Adam!"
"@RonaldFasshauer True!"
"@ThejustinMiami The Art of the Deal!"
"@colinth21 Thanks Colin."
"@RealSonnyNewman  They are laughing."
"@vin7768   Thank you-work hard and good luck."
"The U.S. is now ""begging"" Russia to give back Edward Snowden. In a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor. No respect!"
"The 250 million dollar construction of Trump Nationsl Doral is coming along great. Just left Miami where I toured entire project.AMAZING!"
"@leaheary  Thanks."
"@DanScavino   Great!"
"I've just started blocking out some of the repetitive and boring (&amp; dumb) haters and losers. They are a waste of time and energy!"
"Vattenfall, the promoter of the money losing wind farm plan in Aberdeen, Scotland, just took a loss of $4.6 billion after dumb European move"
"Bloomberg News - Spain's renewable projects, lead by money losing wind turbines, facing bankruptcy. Hopefully Scotland is watching!"
"@JMHPolitics  True!"
"@mikeymexico  Thsnk you."
"@3girlsandDTrain   Just amazing!"
"Greta in a few minutes-will be interesting!"
"@lucasnahn Thanks."
"I am doing Greta tonight on Fox - talking about Obama Care and pervert Anthony Wiener!  10 P.M."
"On Anthony Wiener, I TOLD YOU SO!"
"Remember, Anthony Wiener continued sending sick pics. long after his resignation from Congress and his apology-zero control over himself!"
"@presidentstevie   Not when you are running for Mayor!"
"As I told everyone once before, Wiener is a sick puppy who will never change-100% of perverts go back to their ways. Sadly, there is no cure"
"Word is that they have far more evidence on A-Rod than they have on Ryan Braun! Alex is over."
"Baseball player Ryan Braun turned out to be a total con man after so vociferously proclaiming his innocence only to be guilty as.hell!"
"@Page08   True!"
"China is taking the oil from Iraq after we spent 1.5 trillion dollars and thousands of lives for their ""freedom"". Our leaders are so stupid!"
"500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an Iraq prison today. That country is a time bomb waiting to happen-a total corrupt mess!"
"China is building 50 brand new airports while our country continues to rott! Very sad."
"Apple is finally considering a large screen for the I-Phone-they better get moving fast. When I told them to do this last year, they scoffed"
"@not_that_actor   A terrible situation."
"Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in 3 minutes-7.00 A.M."
"@Erikjhalvorsen   Yes!"
"Also, The Donald J. Trump Signature mattress from SERTA is doing record business-call Serta and see why!"
"The ties, shirts and suits at Macy's are doing fantastically well-check out the new designs and low prices-nothing better!"
"Re-run of O'Reilly on Fox NOW!"
"On Bill O'Reilly in 5 minutes!"
"Whether you love, like or hate Donald Trump, I will be on Bill O'Reilly (Fox) tonight at 8.00. Bill knows Trump is great for ratings!"
"Isn't it crazy that people of little or no talent or success can be so critical of those whose accomplishments are great with no retribution"
"Don't talk about Rolling Stone Magazine but, most importantly, don't buy it. This degenerate killed and maimed so many wonderful people!"
"Sad thing is Rolling Stone was (is) a dead magazine with big downward circulation and now, for them at last, people are talking about it!"
"@VINnipuncture Great idea, I will ask her!"
"American league wins!"
"@RussellCochran Thanks."
"@carlosbeltran15   Great job-you are a terrific player!"
"@JMonaski1 Sad!"
"@markodero32   Interesting."
"@Polatseck Thanks!"
"Give a lot of credit to Carlos Beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the Cardinals-great going Carlos!"
"@pixxxxxiedust Yes Danielle, a great chance."
"@HelenPferdehirt Thanks Helen"
"Zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense, especially in Florida law, gave the jury little other choice"
"@fordbeautyqueen   Thanks."
"Spitzer failed as A.G., failed as Governor in disgrace, and was fired on all T.V. shows (boring and zero ratings), and he's at it again!"
"I would invite Edward Snowden to be a judge at the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early!"
"@EvanSMSolutions   Good luck!"
"Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back?"
"I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th."
"Russia should hand over Snowden to the U.S. but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders."
"@rockster62   Wow!"
"@leighton_chris   Thanks."
"@jimdaniels_jd   Thanks."
"@anitanewell   Interesting."
"@anitanewell   True!"
"@mikefavreece   Thanks!"
"@JTFoxx   True and thanks!"
"@BeaumontAnthony   Thanks!"
"@JaiiderVilla   Thank you."
"@IAMAASHKA    Thanks, it will be great."
"Snowden has given serious information to China and Russia-anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope! He is a traitor who fled-he knew the crime!"
"Getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners, who have suffered enough!"
"Spitzer never made 10 cents on his own-he worked for his very rich father (a friend of mine who never thought much of Eliot as a businessman"
"Eliot Spitzer was a horrible Governor and A.G. who ruined many good people and cost the Country billions of dollars in losses (and jobs)."
"@Macdaddyeli   You are correct Eliana!"
"It probably was not drugs that caused the San Fran crash, but why aren't they testing - who knows?"
"@flyingcolours66   Thanks, it has been amazing!"
"The San Fran crash was totally the pilot's fault - may be too late for drug testing, RIDICULOUS!"
"What took investigators so long to interview the pilots of Asiana San Fran crash?  WHY NO DRUG TESTS FOR PILOTS-they were really ""off""."
"@RickHasAMartini   You said you are ""tired"" - say the rest, that you're lazy and dumb!"
"@MsLisaALevy  Thank you!"
"@PaulCrouch22 Thank you!"
"@ChayalimBodedim    Thank you."
"@KayJayButton   Yeah, blame me moron!"
"@andy_murray   Fantastic job by @andy_murray, a true champion who showed tremendous courage and determination!  AMAZING"
"@chrisopherdavis   True and thanks!"
"Anderson Silva just got knocked out by new champion Chris Weidman! Congrats to Chris."
"Would seem that plane landed short of runway in San Francisco!"
"@GolfweekMag - Thank you for Trump Scotland honor!"
"Just heard that the great Golf Week Magazine named my Trump International Golf Course-Scotland The Best Modern Day Golf Course In The World!"
"@TheRealKurse     So true!"
"@craig_longislnd   Thanks Craig."
"@ruffff2    Thanks-a great place!"
"@BeccaPiano  Thank you Becca."
"For all of those that were hoping I was wrong, and this is a very unimportant subject to me, Dwight Howard just officially announced Houston"
"@ChristineJude   Thanks Christine, very nice!"
"@drunkrhino   Great!"
"Dwight Howard just signed with Houston."
"To all of those who asked, I predicted two weeks ago and again last night that Dwight Howard would go to Houston.Do I get congrats-insight?"
"@lulabel3766   But Paula handled it very poorly!"
"@sirtyro   Thank you!"
"The ""Arab Spring"" is not working out so well-nice name, bad results!"
"@ninetek  Then why do you follow me like a little puppy, moron?"
"Sharks are last on my list - other than perhaps the losers and haters of the World!"
"Sorry folks, I'm just not a fan of sharks - and don't worry, they will be around long after we are gone."
"Leaving Miami-Trump National Doral will be GREAT!"
"@farm_mom   So true!"
"I just arrived in Miami where I will be checking out construction of the brand new Trump National Doral - always closely watch construction!"
"Nice article on Trump Links at Ferry Point in today's New York Post - the construction is going really well!"
"He would be crazy to play in L.A. - really bad coach who can't adjust to his players!"
"Wow, Obama Care just got delayed by over a year because it is so complicated it cannot be understood - the beginning of the end!"
"Oil prices just went over $100 per barrel for first time in nine months!"
"@kennymacaskill1   Thanks!"
"@BornAgain8344   Will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money (oil)."
"@Dzeroseven   Wrong!"
"@FamousUmair   That's great!"
"@Pourquoipas20  Good idea, will create one."
"@DurangoRick   Thank you:-)"
"@dwangpow   So true!"
"Fox and.Friends now!"
"Edward Snowden is absolutely killing the the U.S. with other countries!"
"19 firefighters killed in Arizona - terrible tragedy!"
"Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant!"
"@kenzig   Thank you."
"I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation. In construction, always watch the money!"
"I am so disappointed that the Yankeed haven't terminatrd A-Rod's contract. There is no way they would not win in court! Hard to believe."
"Just watched Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg on 60 Minutes. She should spend more time trying to get the F stock price up &amp; less on her ego!"
"@danshaw2012   True!"
"Everytime someone tweets that I wear a wig realize to yourself that you are dealing with ""them"" - just another sad &amp; lonely hater and loser!"
"I like doing this once a month for the haters &amp; losers (and as they know)-I don't wear a ""wig"". Some may not like my hairstyle, but all mine"
"@CarlosGerboles   Wrong, made a lot of money in Atlantic City-and most kids do blow their inheritance, or do nothing with it-look at stats."
"@ebrumby   Thank you."
"@spsmith78   So how is he allowed to get away with the crap he says?"
"What my father really gave me is a good (great) brain, motivation and the benefit of his experience-unlike the haters and losers (lazy!)."
"You mean the fact that my father left me some money (as a good father will) and I multiplied it many, many times to over $10 billion-is bad?"
"@KillngAmerJobs   They will mostly vote for Dems."
"I don't get @billmaher and his terrible show - he is dumb as a rock but tries so hard to pass himself off as a great intellect. Check past!"
"How did Snowden, with not even a high school education, get access to top secret U.S. records. He then gave, or sold, those records-traitor!"
"@Rogerjmunson   Only 40 hours? (just kidding)."
"Can you imagine not taking Snowden's passport away before he jetted happily away to foreign lands (where he gave away many U.S. secrets)."
"@DanilluHermman   The Wharton School of Finance is the best!"
"Paula Deen made a big mistake in using a forbidden word but must be given some credit fot admitting her mistake. She will be back!"
"The people of Scotland love the golf course I have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! Thank you also to Robb Report"
"@michael74085825   Almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community. Polls have shown 93% approval:-)"
"@lmetzger3590   Thank you."
"@DreadPhil1   Miss USA Pageant is MUCH better!"
"@BlackFridayMGT You can't even spell businessman. I use the B laws like Buffett, Kravis, Icahn, Zell etc. you dope-and learn how to spell."
"@micr0driguez   They gave up because the shirts, ties and cufflinks are hot sellers @Macy's."
"New and great selection of ties, shirts and cufflinks@Macy's - check them out!"
"@KevinwArchie   Thanks."
"@paulcdevlin Much better, enjoy it!"
"@caroleapple   Great meeting you!"
"After one of the great chokes in the history of sports, it will be hard for the Spurs to beat the Heat - but who knows. Good game on now!"
"Some dope said I deleted a tweet about James G. There was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story (nobody saw tweet)."
"Who would really believe I would say such a thing about a guy I truly liked, James Gandolfini.  Sadly, very sick people use my name."
"I never made the ridiculous comment about James G. and Obama Care - somebody else put it out and attributed it to me. Not my style!"
"@TheBigAStabile   So true."
"@tubby511 Thank you!"
"@LongLiveTheBOSS   Thank you, very nice!"
"Amazing comeback by The Heat - your friends at your favorite golf club, Trump National Doral, are proud of you. NOW for game 7!"
"Watch the game-really good."
"Great basketball game going on right now!"
"Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so, will he become my new best friend?"
"The Miami Heat is getting it's ass kicked - they better start playing or it will be a long Summer for them."
"The Miss Universe Pageant will be broadcast live from MOSCOW, RUSSIA on November 9th. A big deal that will bring our countries together!"
"I met a Trump Twitter hater last night (well known). As he came near me he nervously said, ""Mr. Trump, it is an honor to meet you sir!"" Nice"
"All I can say is that if I were President, Snowden would have already been returned to the U.S. (by their fastest jet) and with an apology!"
"Snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and U.S.prestige. China is laughing at us as he continues illegal action"
"Snowden is sitting in China and taunting the U.S. He is mocking us as a Country. Great time to place a tax on China trade if not turned over"
"Like it or not, haters and losers, everybody is talking about Miss U.S.A. and Miss Utah. By the way she is a fine young woman-unfair to her."
"A family in Las Vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetrators-the other fled and will be captured. Great!"
"We should stay the hell out of Syria, the ""rebels"" are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIVES AND $ BILLIONS?ZERO"
"Happy Father's Day to all, even the haters and losers!"
"@LeoDiCaprio   Come to Miss U.S.A. tomorrow in Las Vegas-will be a great evening!"
"@Teerellz_95   You have no chance!"
"@Sir_KLZA  Hater, Danny is getting his ass kicked like he has all of his life!"
"@wfdelong   Now tell the truth."
"Just tried watching Modern Family - written by a moron, really boring. Writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. Sorry Danny!"
"@WhiskeySam99  .Sam, you are so pathetic!"
"Lightweight @DannyZuker is too stupid to see that China (and others) is destroying the U.S. economically and our leaders are helpless! SAD."
"I can't resist hitting lightweight @DannyZuker verbally when he starts up because he is just.so pathetic and easy (stupid)!"
"Wow, sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof, far worse than anybody could have predicted!"
"@lovevictoria   Happy birthday Victoria."
"@MatthewJPizzo  Thanks Matt!"
"@Rosemarrisa   She will run!"
"Newsstand sales for @VanityFair, run by sleepy Graydon Carter, are down almost 20%. All he cares about are his bad food restaurants!"
"I hope everybody goes to Macy's today to get Donald J.  Trump shirts, ties, suits and cufflinks - they are really beautiful at low price"
"I'm in Scotland getting ready for a major news conference on the Great Dunes of Scotland announcing the second North Sea course - amazing!"
"Pete Rose should now be allowed in The Baseball Hall of Fame. The all-time hits leader has paid the price already!"
"George Steinbrenner would have done a major number on A Rod - there is no way he would have gotten paid, even with the help of the union!"
"I can't believe the Yankees continue to pay A Rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying (and should have stopped a long time ago)."
"@go_onrob   The show is a joke in comparison to the original Apprentice, but it does pay me a lot of money."
"@dblsolo700  Not concerned about them-weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park?  Go check your facts."
"Likewise, the primary victims of violent crimes are in the African American and Hispanic communities. These people want LAW AND ORDER now!"
"When it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!"
"Sadly, the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics-a tough subject-must be discussed."
"According to Bill O'Reilly, 80% of all the shootings in New York City are blacks-if you add Hispanics, that figure goes to 98%. 1% white."
"Thanks to @johnrich for putting on such a great concert fot @Stjude. John was a winner on Celebrity Apprentice and is a fantastic guy."
"My son @EricTrump has just done another great event and raised a lot of money for @StJude. He is a really good boy who loves helping kids."
"I will be going to Aberdeen, Scotland today to help my team celebrate the great success of Trump International Golf Links-press conference."
"@charleyUfarley   Innocent of what, weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park that night? The City better not settle this case!"
"@arid93  They should have stopped paying him a long time ago."
"@happyloner   Wrong you idiot!"
"26,000 sexual assaults in the military last year-way up from previous years. Armed Forces are in total turmoil!"
"The Miami Heat looked great tonight - congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in Miami, Trump National Doral."
"@JohnSim96499126   Thank you John!"
"@ericfranson  That is true."
"@RealDonalDrumpf  Oh really, weren't they brutally mugging people all over the Park? - and now they are seeking damages - ridiculous!"
"@charleyUfarley You mean like Buffett, Kravis, Icahn, Paulson and almost all other bigs-I never went Bankrupt dumb ass!"
"@Vincent_Moretti   Thank you."
"Congratulations to Aberdeen and Scotland for just having our great golf course named Best New Course In World by The Robb Report."
"Thank you to the Robb Report, The Best of the Best issue, for just naming Trump International Golf Links the Best New Golf Course In World!"
"Serious stuff-IRS Commissioner visited White House 157 times, far more than Sec. of State or Defense. What a big story this is!"
"@HeatherChilders   Thanks Heather, and you do a great job on FOX!"
"The Yankees really have to be embarrassed losing all four games to the Mets - my great friend George Steinbrenner would be going nuts!"
"@cronin_michelle Thanks!"
"@Mitchell_Traver Thanks."
"@mallorybeck17   Thanks Mallory!"
"@_Warrendya_    Which one?"
"@jakewittman   Happy birthday!"
"@lisakaminsky   Yes."
"@BollingsBalls   But I know @ericbolling and think he would do really well-tough, smart and a good guy!"
"@ClassicEd   That's what I hear."
"We spend billions of dollars helping nations all over the World but with hurricane Sandy and Oklahoma tornado not one nation helped us!"
"I like John McCain but we have to start rebuilding the United States instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail - be smart!"
"Why is Senator John McCain in Syria visiting with the rebels- MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"@Travianno   Thanks!"
"It's 46 (really cold) and snowing in New York on Memorial Day - tell the so-called ""scientists"" that we want global warming right now!"
"See, dummy Danny Zuker, who I never heard until this, started something that he couldn't finish-gutless and unwilling to take my bet!"
"Nation's infrastructure is collapsing, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"It's freezing outside, where the hell is ""global warming""??"
"@DannyZuker on your best day you can't come close to beating me, I'll kick your ass every time-take the bet Danny (check with M.F. boss)."
"@allidoisowen   Thanks!"
"@bvogel56   I never went bankrupt - just like Buffett, Icahn, Kravis and Paulson - as you know!"
"Sorry folks, got to go to work now - but ""I'll be baaaaack""!"
"@RustinNiles Just killing time!"
"Come on @DannyZuker, take the bet, show your friends and family (&amp; your bosses on Modern Family) that you're not ""chicken shit"""
"If @DannyZuker competed against me and.won (which not too many people do), he could win millions of $'s for himself or his charity!"
"The lawyer I just beat in Chicago was a buffoon but was a lot smarter and sharper than @DannyZuker. Come on Danny, make the bet!"
"@DannyZuker is a weak and ineffective guy with a long string of failed shows who got his ass kicked last night.He's afraid to make the wager"
"@TheRealKurse Thank you, I was dealing with a very bad person!"
"@pusspuss09   Thanks, Country is in trouble."
"@DannyZuker everyone is saying you are being beaten badly at this game but you can turn things around quickly if you will go for the deal."
"Hope everyone is watching the Finale rerun of Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC-especially the haters and losers! It is on right now."
"No @DannyZuker it's making you crazy because you don't have the guts to play the game. Come on Danny, you can do it!"
"@dannyzuker I hope you pick up a lot of twitter followers by this so people can see what a total asshole you are!"
"@DannyZuker @AndyRichter Danny, you're not having fun, you are getting your ass kicked - afraid to make the deal?"
"No @DannyZuker , just the opposite, lots of money can go to charity if you have the guts to play the game (deal)!"
"Remember, @dannyzuker , you are not even the real ""boss"" of Modern Family - no big $$$$$$'s for you!"
"@DannyZuker Come on Danny, are u afraid of the DEAL (be careful, I'm really good at deals)."
"@DannyZuker Bigger means bigger dummy, you really are stupid, aren't you!"
"@DannyZuker Another racist remark by you, Danny, are you a racist?"
"I know you don't like to hear this @DannyZuker but the biggest nights of The Apprentice were far ""bigger"" than the biggest nights of Mod Fam"
"@ericleebow  Five great golf courses with the new Blue Monster currrently under construction!"
"Just got final renderings of Trump National Doral in Miami - there will be nothing like it in the Country, will be the best!"
"@DannyZuker, are you ready for the deal?"
"@gingram66 Wrong!"
"@DannyZucker, are you ready for the deal?"
"@LukewSavage  And dumb people like @DannyZucker."
"I never heard of @DannyZucker until his very dumb and endless tweets started pouring out of insecure mind-but I have a great deal for him!"
"I was just told by a television pro thay @DannyZucker is one of the truly dumbest guys in the business-he's obsessed with T-so many flops!"
"It should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification when tweeting - they will no longer be so brave!"
"@julesmattsson   Wrong, totally proved my case but didn't get damages because the libel laws in this Country suck!"
"@TheJuice59101   I do, thanks."
"@ForQ2  Are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. Afraid to give your real name? You should be."
"@ForQ2 You're nuts, go get a job."
"@HatchetWounds Totally wrong dopey."
"@JimmyDeVito  Thanks Jimmy."
"Great investor John Paulson just sought bankruptcy protection for a unit of his hedge fund-very smart-but he didn't go bankrupt you morons!"
"The biggest business people have used the bankruptcy laws to their advantage-Warren B, Icahn, Kravis and this week John Paulson-for haters!"
"@jgy777ph Thanks Joannah, they are sad and lost people."
"I loved beating these two terrible human beings. I would never recommend that anyone use her lawyer, he is a total loser!"
"Jury was unanimous after hearing the made up case against my co. Filed many years ago, she.and her pathetic lawyer should pay me big damages"
"The so called 87 year old ""lady"" was a vicious and skilled investor who was trying to rip me off with made up facts and a blowhard lawyer."
"@SunnyJL52  True"
"Scotland is having a virtual revolt over obsolete wind turbines which are driving up energy costs and killing the bird population (and more)"
"@MarkEaston777   Keep figthing, don't let the windfarms destroy your property and life!"
"@DJLoopsFruit  That's because I know him-he's a lowlife!"
"@tubby511   They are dummies!"
"@markwonderful   Sorry, Graydon Carter is a major loser, just ask his wife!"
"@RassilonsArmy Not even close dummy, he is strictly small time."
"@mikepassmore   So true Mike."
"@DawnieDeee   Hello Dawn."
"Pervert Anthony Wiener will never be able to get away from his perversion-the cure rate is ZERO."
"Jodi Arias jury is having a hard time with the death penalty-judge just sent them back for further deliberatuon."
"@EMTgoneNUTZ    Thanks Tanja"
"Because of the tornado tragedy I will not be doing @piersmorgan tonight. I wish everyone well!"
"Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. It never ends (hopefully)!"
"I love that, in addition to everything else, so much money is raised for such great causes on Celebrity Apprentice-all proud of that!"
"Last night's live show was so much fun. Congrats to the entire cast, they are all winners!  From beginning over $13 million for charity."
"@InaMaziarcz    Obama put up nothing, zilch!"
"Ivanka and Joan Rivers will be working hard tonight at the Live Finale - everybody must watch the OPENING at 9."
"@subirchowdhury   How are you - $5.5 million (a bargain)."
"The cast for next season looks really good!"
"@RebaForever58   Yes."
"Just left the set of The Apprentice - the live show tonight will be fantastic - and something very big and very different is going to happen"
"How badly will the Country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of Obama Care?"
"@leebandoni   Thanks Lee!"
"@Lord_Sugar  Much more than anybody knows dopey, much more - and it will soon be revealed in detail."
"@ToddFouche1    On that I would beat almost everyone!"
"@GregE_IoM. Only in your weak mind!"
"@workplayeat   Thanks, only the haters disagree!"
"@CraigHeff   I don't, he makes me money!"
"Sugar is nowhere near being a billionaire-and I know, he works for me!"
"@sarahluvnyc   Thanks."
"@Subhana_Anwar   It's easy, just think of haters as losers with.little imagination and even less understanding of success-and very lazy!"
"@carlyvowell   Tell your friends son - YOU'RE FIRED TUMOR!"
"@JedediahBila  Tell your aunt she is terrific!"
"@omegaphoenix068  Rather amazing, wasn't it!"
"I'm watching Knicks game-I'd bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got them-too bad, too late!"
"Why didn't President Obama just go inside when it started raining yesterday - common sense! The two Marines looked very uncomfortable-&amp; wet."
"@CCV77   Thanks, very nice."
"Celebrity Apprentice will be LIVE on Sunday at 9 PM (from New York City).Casting has already begun for next season."
"In other words, our military has a very big problem!"
"Unfortunately with some men when the poison kicks in (not me of course) there are no rules or guidelines in the military that will stop them"
"I was never a fan of Bush 2 FOR MANY REASONS, including the fact that we should never have gone into Iraq but once there, kept the oil! DUMB"
"Our very stupidly run Country better stop being so ""politically correct"" or we won't have a Country to run anymore!"
"Many generals and military leaders are now saying ""I told you so!""  They say this will have big impact on military strength &amp; national sec."
"General says that the Armed Forces will be severely weakened if the large scale rape and sexual abuse problem is not brought under control."
"Army officer who led a sexual abuse prevention unit was just fired after being charged with violently going after his wife.What is going on?"
"America's top Army general has warned of a crisis unless sexual abuse in the military is quickly brought undet control.Forces greatly hurt!"
"@LCBeaudoin   Big Second Amendment believer but background checks to weed out the sicko's are fine."
"@blakemharris   But they are the folks I like the best - by far!"
"@joeypiazza   Way less - and you are soooo stupid!"
"Looks like we will have a pervert running for mayor after all - just what New York City needs - and he will revert back to form, always do!"
"@chrishansen   Good to see you also - I will be watching!"
"@A_Beil   Thanks Andrew!"
"@polotodd804  This is one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries I have ever seen. Filmmaker Mike Tollin has zero talent.Also-boring"
"@A_Beil   Thanks Andrew."
"I wonder what the next scandal will be in D.C.? Can we handle yet another?"
"The three political disasters could lead to a major and complete political meltdown!"
"The ""lady"" in Chicago that I'm fighting owes me $500, 000 and is sophisticated  &amp; vicious. She made up a story &amp; plays the ""age card"" - bad!"
"I totally respect that Angelina Jolie has shown such great bravery in the face of danger - she has really come a long and positive way!"
"@AndyBarovick   Really terrible and a sad day for our Country!"
"32 in New York - it's freezing! Where the hell is global warming when you need it?"
"@TigerWoods GREAT playing, you are the best!"
"@steveprecision1  Have fun #1."
"I AM PLEASED TO INFORM YOU THAT CELEBRITY APPRENTICE HAS BEEN RENEWED FOR ANOTHER SEASON BY NBC. SEE YOU AT THE NBC UPFRONTS TOMORROW."
"@leechsam   Thanks Sam, and it's doing great!"
"You will love Celebrity Apprentice tonight - 9 PM on NBC. Must watch from beginning - two early firings!"
"Two people fired very early on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live Finale. Don't get angry at me tonight!"
"@RoySchuhmacher   Thanks!"
"Watching @TigerWoods on NBC playing great golf. Tiger won The WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral this year. I love Tiger!"
"@PhilipMorrow  That would be great Philip!"
"@chris_l54    Thanks Chris - they know the real facts but don't choose to use them-very dishonest!"
"@QFiveFarms Thanks and true!"
"@persvanstrom   Based on your picture I can see why - you look lost and in need of a cheap lifeline."
"@mikeluis93 Mark Cuban is a bully who is physically very soft and therefore should immediately stop wearing T shirts. No strength!"
"@Lord_Sugar can't hold a.candle to Donald.Trump - he is a laughing stock in Great Britain (but his show pays me lots of money, so I'm happy)"
"The success of Shark Tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of The Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in T.V. history."
"@african11   But I love insulting people who don't have the goods but think they do!"
"The Apprentice, on the other hand, has been a MAJOR television hit, often times finishing #1. Even now, after 13 seasons, it wins its slot!"
"@mcuban is a short ball hitter who had a massive failure on television, The Benefactor. Now he is one of many on a modest ratings show, S T."
"@BrianLynch @DurantRandy  Thanks, no wonder our Country is  in such trouble!"
"@LennyDopkin   I have not run it for many years, I sold it a long time ago (great deal, great timing). When I owned it, a top place!"
"@Patti0713   Thanks Patti."
"@nieldi   @Lord Sugar can't get himself arrested-but at least he's making me money-keep begging Sugar you dog!"
"@MaxVayner  Your man, little Jon S(?) can't win, he's not smart enough or quick enough!"
"@caaataclysm   Little Jon Stewart(?) Is a pussy, he would be hopeless in a debate with me!"
"@MaxVayner Stewart (?) wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me. He's totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough!"
"@GuerrillaTycoon  Not even close - he is just, as you know, a very bad copy (who I profit from)."
"@chef_riggy  I never endorsed Judd - I'm with Senator Mitch all the way!"
"Just left Trump National Doral in Miami - under massive construction - The Blue Monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built!"
"Leightweight @Lord Sugar virtually begged my reps to have me stop mocking him. Every time this dope goes on Apprentice I make money-too easy"
"@feksbaby Very nice, thanks!"
"@PennyStocksBlog You are 100% correct - thank you!"
"Dummy, I'm asking a question - look at the question mark at the end of the sentence! Use your head."
"A Warren Buffett corp. is currently ensnared in a bankruptcy. Likewise Icahn, Kravis, Apollo and many others have played the game.Thanks!"
"@MenaceSocietyUT   Little Jon Stewart(?) is getting his ass kicked and you and all of his high priced writers know it! Don't panic Jon."
"@JeremyPage3011 Mark Cuban can't beat me at anything. He is one of many on Shark Tank and Apprentice has been a much, much bigger show!"
"Jodi thought she outsmarted the system - it didn't work!  Congratulations to the jury on a job well done!  Now, will it be life or death?"
"Man, we had a great day today at Trump Tower - lots of money was given to many people who really needed it - good feelings and happiness!"
"Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure,it's not your fault"
"What do you think about the push to put women into high intensity combat situations?"
"Residential Capital, a company in which Warren Buffett is involved, went bankrupt - but that doesn't mean that Warren Buffett went bankrupt!"
"I would absolutely kill Jon Stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!)."
"@SportsWalnuts   And Jon Stewart(?) is a very little man hiding behind lot's of high priced writers without which he would be nothing!"
"Just watched Jon Stewart(?) jumping up and down and screaming like a madman - nothing funny or smart, just loud and obnoxious, a pushy dope!"
"@valentino_jimmy   That's cool, I agree!"
"@RealSonnyNewman   Thanks Sonny!"
"@ChrisHarmsWI   Thanks Chris!"
"@BobKurlander   Thanks Bob, it is one of the best and will only get better-I will be spending lots of money this Summer!"
"Wow, I love stimulating debate and driving certain people crazy-the Generals were forced to do something they didn't want to do (not me)."
"Is it even slightly possible that Jodi Arias could be set free-wow, what a miscarriage of justice that would be!"
"The jury in the Jodi Arias trial is, believe it or not, still out. You never know but such a long deliberation could be good for the defense"
"The Generals and top military brass never wanted a mixer but were forced to do it by very dumb politicians who wanted to be politically C!"
"26,000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men &amp; women together?"
"26,000 sexual assaults or rapes reported in military last year-and that is just the number that is reported (many do not want to report)."
"Sexual assault and rape in the Armed Forces is a Massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret!"
"Head of Air Force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! It just seems that our Country is not what it used to be."
"Enjoy Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - a really great episode!"
"@roysj   Unlike you, stupid, I became a big stock market investor a couple of years ago because the dollar is going to hell &amp; false low int."
"Turn to QVC now to watch Melania - really good stuff!"
"Jodi, if you're listening, MAKE A DEAL!"
"Jodi should try but the Govt. should not make a deal - no jury could be dumb enough to let her off (but you never know, look at OJ &amp; others)"
"Jodi Arias has stated that she follows me on twitter so I really hate to be saying that she is guilty but sadly, she is as guilty as it gets"
"@salefisher - Jordan is great!"
"@hdiallo   Why do you follow me creepy stalker?"
"@JohnQuinsay   When you get bored with others, you'll be back (and don't hurry)."
"@AxlRose1996   Stephen, that's right...and someone who is really smart!"
"@PatrickMendezNV   Great idea - did you see their list, a joke!"
"Just took a look at Time Magazine-looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! The sad end is coming-just like Newsweek!"
"@Drake4444444    I never knew but thanks for the compliment!"
"@Neviah_M  A totally one sided documentary. Why weren't the police, detectives and prosecutors interviewed? City should not settle this case"
"@CraigSJ   Why did they all sign confessions and how many people did they mugg that night in the Park? What about their criminal records?"
"Snow and freezing weather all over mid-section of Country. Global warming specialists better start thinking fast!"
"Money is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a house-but be sure to lock in long term financing (without which don't buy)."
"Housing prices are up in Feb over last Feb 9.3 per cent -remember, I told everyone two years ago to buy (but they will be going much higher)"
"@naunie_b       sarcasm dummy!"
"@Stiles_Dub   @LilJon is a great guy and a great competitor who is respected by all!"
"@Colvio117  Thanks!"
"@DannyZuker  Night loser!"
"@JonNeumeister     Dopey, I've won them all."
"@ShawnGarrett   I should have many Emmys for The Apprentice if the process were fair-in any event, it's not my day job.                    ,"
"@realDonaldTrump   Windfarms destroy everything around them-very sad!"
"@mtshastacola   Happy birthday!"
"@IvanGH   Great taste!"
"@OMGguy18    Wrong, screen is too small-Samsung size is better."
"@VincentYanni   I agree, Modern Family sucks!"
"@FakeBriWilliams   Thank you!"
"@DanielRobinsMD.   @Lawrence is a very dumb guy who just doesn't know it-his show is a critical and ratings disaster!"
"Doing Fox and Friends at 7.00 A.M.  Hope you loved Apprentice last night."
"@WIBWAriana    9?.  Thanks."
"@Core15   Thanks."
"@Joan Rivers comes back in a big way tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - she is fantastic.  9 on NBC."
"@DBradleyRI   You are a great looking guy who is really smart - you can do much better than your current girlfriend - she's nothing!"
"I remember when the Apprentice became the number one show on T.V. @tombrokow came up to me and thanked me on behalf of NBC  (Yankee Stadium)"
"Marble mouth @tombrokaw asks ""why do we think to have a successful eveving you have to have Donald Trump as your guest of honor?"" BORING TOM"
"Thanks for the tremendous support for my shirts, ties and suits at Macy's. They do great because of really high quality at a low price."
"@Anon_Farmer @PeaceLibLady   Not me, I predicted the housing bubble and told people not to buy.  I now tell people it is a great time to buy"
"The Time Magazine list of the 100 Most Influential People is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will, like Newsweek,soon be dead. Bad list!"
"@dogs4peace Very cool!"
"@masotam   Police records, signed confessions and more?"
"What apology, didn't they go around beating the crap out of people and robbing them? Why did they all confess? Aren't police convinced?"
"@DanScavino Dan-You are a great guy with a great family-amazing future!"
"@gretawire-I'll be doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 P.M. Greta is a Terrific person who really gets it!  (FOX)."
"@GauravK725   Thanks."
"@DurantRandy   Thanks."
"@pokerswayne  Wrong on all counts dopey-you forgot to say taller than me!"
"@TheSportsSwede You are so stupid!"
"@daytradersfx  That is true."
"@TatorJuice   Wow, so nice! Thanks, I wish I could have met him."
"@HayJayP26   Work hard!"
"The mother of the Boston killers (not suspects) says her boys are totally innocent and were set up-I can see the 14 year long defense now!"
"Lance Armstrong just got sued by the Federal Government-they want their money back-I told you so! What was he thinking when he did that int?"
"Scotland does not have free press, even when you are just stating the facts-it's crazy!"
"@ruralbeeffarmer   Big pollution during manufacturing and building process!"
"@RamboFo  Great!"
"@RebeccaErin_   They were viciously attacking other people in the Park-nice guys?"
"I have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweets-why do these lowlifes follow-nothing to do!"
"@DoroMundo   Thanks!"
"The Central Park Five documentary  was a one sided piece of garbage that didn't explain the.horrific crimes of these young men while in park"
"@bitchforshort  Victim never died so they would not have been given death penalty-but did you see what these ""innocent"" boys were doing?"
"@GerhardM_com   Perhaps, but the Country is in really big trouble!  I do love real estate though (and am seriously good at it)."
"@GinaCHaley   They devalue everything, stupid!"
"@penguin_rob  like ugly, bird killing wind turbines!"
"The Chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!"
"Wrong, used to be called global warming and when that name didn't work, they deftly changed it to climate change-because it's freezing!"
"@HelmJoshua   Wind turbines will quadruple your electric bills and destroy the value of your home. Lot's of chicken soup however-bird kill."
"@jon_fullerton   No, the Chinese will make them!"
"@jamezypell   Yes!"
"@Leigh26Heather Savannah, work hard in school!"
"Me, by a lot!"
"Will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. (in 20 minutes)."
"@jbailey1987   Yes we can oh foolish one, terrorists should not have the right to remain silent!"
"My ties and shirts are doing very big numbers @Macy's, beyond my wildest thoughts! Thanks @GoAngelo and the rest of the losers for mentions!"
"If the Boston killer applies for Obama Care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand!"
"NO MERCY TO TERRORISTS you dumb bastards!"
"Can you imagine the Boston killer being lovingly tended to in a hospital room right next to his victims who lost their arms, legs and worse!"
"Bullshit-Pop gave me knowledge and a relatively small amount of money (split between brothers and sisters) and I built it into over 9 bill."
"@CoachClintSwan  Tell me, what were they doing in the Park, playing checkers?"
"Watch Gary B tonight on Celebrity Apprentice-some really crazy things happen!"
"Getting back to the nicer and more normal parts of life, Celebrity Apprentice is great tonight on NBC at 9. It will be a full two hour show!"
"@NextLevelStoner   Great!"
"You are right, the media is always offending Donald Trump-they have no limits-but they will do anything not to offend the Boston killer!"
"I know some of you may think l'm tough and harsh but actually I'm a very compassionate person (with a very high IQ) with strong common sense"
"Didn't the Boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away?  We are not dealing with an innocent baby here-DEATH"
"When the stupid people start feeling sorry for the Boston killer and want to release him and give him medals, remember the killings-maimings"
"I hate when the news media, so afraid to offend anyone, always refers to the BOSTON KILLER as ""the suspect""."
"The shirts and ties at Macy's are so good-beautiful and do so well that guys like the one that sued me wrongly want a piece-l kicked his ass"
"I just won a big Court decision (N.Y. Post) against some character who claimed I owed him licensing fees on success of my shirts and ties."
"Oh no, they are worried that they didn't read the Boston killer his rights and he may have a good legal argument. 12 year case to finish?  t"
"@PierceCorey   Great going!"
"Sorry,  the best and most beautiful ties and shirts made anywhere and at a really reasonable cost. Also, fragrance is amazing. GO TO MACY'S."
"@Lumberportal  That's great!"
"@cjdew67  Thanks!"
"Great job by the FBI, Boston Police and all others involved-start the trial tonight!"
"Is the Boston killer eligible for Obama Care to bring him back to health?"
"Read my tweets you dopes-of course he should get a trial-but fast (not a 12 year disaster)."
"You must be kidding-zero chance he is innocent!"
"Get ALL the info,  then quick trial, then death penalty for the Boston killer of innocent children and people! Do not be kind."
"@UnitedContractF  Interesting and true."
"We must change the laws of our land and seek fair but rapid trials for the perpetrators of terrorist acts (Boston) with harsh punishment!"
"My heart goes out to the people of Boston on this terrible day!"
"Will be doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!"
"Get ready to turn to NBC for CELEBRITY APPRENTICE -- TONIGHT'S SHOW IS GREAT!"
"@adamscott - I am really proud of you Adam - I'll see you soon at Trump National Doral!"
"Great job @AdamScott - you deserve it!"
"Make sure to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at  9 on NBC. A GREAT SHOW, JUST LIKE THE MASTERS.   9"
"@AdamScott is a great guy and player!"
"@tjwacker. Good luck!"
"Remember, save your evening to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - increased to a full two hours - great episode - watch Gary B."
"South Korea must in some form pay for our help-the U.S. must stop being stupid!"
"China will extract much from Secretary Kerry and the U:S. in order for them to help us with the North Korea problem-don't let this happen!"
"Did A Rod really try to buy the papers that would implicate him re. drugs - wow, that would be the end, a disaster!"
"@VeIvetRose  Also true!"
"Remember, NBC increased Celebrity Apprentice to 2 hours starting this Sunday night at 9 P.M. through end of season-great news for App lovers"
"Bad break for @TigerWoods-hits a great shot which hits the pin and kicks into the water-gets a bogey on hole with another great shot-Champ!"
"What a shame that Kobe Bryant was so badly injured last night - a truly great champion who brought the Lakers back from oblivion this year!"
"Ridiculous that they gave the 14 year old golfer from China a one stroke penalty for slow play at The Masters(see, I can stick up for China)"
"I am on David Letterman tonight."
"Don't talk to me about Bush, I was never a defender or a fan!"
"I can't believe we are not asking South Korea for anything. They make a fortune on us while we spend a fortune defending them-how stupid!"
"I feel so badly for Mark Cuban-the Dallas Mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his partners are pissed. Very sad!"
"@JTHolder2010  Great!"
"@RealDougClark  Great!"
"@maggieaveu_a  Thanks and say hi to your son!"
"I hope everyone (especially the haters and losers) goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties, shirts and suits-and SUCCESS Fragrance-love!"
"Sorry losers and haters, but I LOVED the great energy in Madison Square Garden during my speech. The WWE thought it was incredible - it was!"
"Why did Vince and the WWE give my speech and segment the most time last night on USA Network - because that's what people want to see!"
"@BrosHoban  Thanks!"
@riggs_deb
@Brian_Legit
"@emmyb96 @TheEllenShow"
@StephenHCornell
"@VirginiaDG @bjjsoulroller"
@thefarfar
"Yea, NBC has increased all remaining Celebrity Apprentice episodes to two hours starting at 9 P.M. on Sunday!  Amazing show."
"Dennis Rodman is a project manager tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - watch Dennis in full action!"
"@ApprenticeNBC is great tonight and stars the legendary beauty @MELANIATRUMP who reveals her great skin care collection. @lordandtaylor"
": @realDonaldTrump @HelpUServe When we have people eating out of trash cans in this country, we have no business helping any other country"""
"Starting next week, and by popular demand (plus good ratings) NBC will broadcast only two hour episodes of Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M."
"Celebrity Apprentice is rebroadcasting last weeks episode at 9 P.M. WITH A GREAT NEW EPISODE FEATURING @MELANIA TRUMP AT 10 P.M. - AMAZING!"
"My induction last night at Madison Square Garden into the WWE Hall of Fame was amazing-I met some great people, including Bruno."
"True, America is rapidly losing it's SPIRIT, and when that's gone, we will only be going in one direction - and that direction is down!"
"China is pushing North Korea!"
"When is South Korea going to start paying us for the massive amounts of money we are spending to protect them from the North?"
"Our President must be very careful with the 28 year old wack job in North Korea. At some point we may have to get very tough-blatant threats"
"@BillLMU Lili will call you - thanks and good luck!"
"I'm getting ready to be inducted tonight into the WWE Hall of Fame at Madison Square Garden - a great honor for me and the Trump family!"
"@RicardoHernanG  Great going Ricardo!"
"I am doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren at 10 P.M. on Fox. We will be talking about the bad economy and other subjects of interest!"
"Jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst projections.A bad day on Wall Street!"
"Word is spreading that I got a tattoo - no way, I am not a fan!"
"North Korea can't survive, or even eat, without the help of China. China could solve this problem with one phone call-they love taunting us!"
"I have gotten to know many Spanish speaking people as the owner of Trump National  Doral in Miami. They are smart, hard working and great"
"Remember, Celebrity Apprentice  tonight  on CNBC at 9. Amazing episode - watch Omarosa get the boot!"
"The haters and losers that assume I was a non-athlete and know nothing about coaches should look into my past-unlike our President-open book"
"I played football and baseball, sorry, but said to be the best bball player in N.Y. State-ask coach Ted Dobias-said best he ever coached."
"The basketball coach at Rutgers looks bad but I had a coach who made him look like a baby - coaches can be tough!"
"Celebrity Apprentice on tonight - CNBC at 9"
"Another freezing day in the Spring - what is going on with ""global warming""?  Good move changing the name to ""climate change"" - sad!"
"@BillMoyers sucks - very bland and boring with no future or hope - just like @NYMag (and many others)."
"Will be doing Fox and Friends in 10 minutes at 7.05 - enjoy!"
"Piers truly hates Omarosa!"
"What will happen to Omarosa tonight? One of our all time great episodes!"
"I hope everyone, or rather almost everyone, had a GREAT EASTER! We need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled times"
"So, what will happen to the Big O on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. Remember, I only fire people when it is deserved, not for other reasons!"
"BIG NIGHT on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. IMPORTANT, starts at 10 P.M. as scheduled but NBC just increased all future episodes to 2 hours!"
"Have a GREAT EASTER, I love you all!"
"No, I'm saying that the World is paying the price for China's pollution while they make a fortune with their dirty factories! Very sad."
"Major article in New York Times today discusses the cost of environmental damage in China and how it is RAPIDLY GROWNG! Rest of World pays."
"China is the biggest environmental polluter in the World, by far. They do nothing to clean up their factories and laugh at our stupidity!"
"What do we get from our economic competitor South Korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from North Korea? - NOTHING!"
"North Korea is reliant on China. China could solve this problem easily if they wanted to but they have no respect for our leaders."
"@gramma421   Not recent, long term support for the autism community."
"@GenaLeeNolin  Thank you GLN!"
"Current @NYMag really sad, not only boring but highly inaccurate. Use better paper product - looks like a death march (which it is!)."
"We blow up the famous Blue Monster at Trump National Doral on.Monday in order to build a spectacular new, bigger, and better Blue Monster!"
"@NYMag - New York Magazine sucks - lifeless and dead - one of the most boring out there. Get it now, it won't last long!"
"Trump Signature mattress is from Serta - the best there is! Thanks"
"Going on Letterman now - let me know what you think - how did I do?  Here we go!"
"@AGALLEGOS32    Thanks!"
"@Markyoungco @AlexSalmond @pressjournal @JohnDuthie1"
"General Petraeus should stop apologising and get on with his life. He is a good man and should have a great future."
"The new selection of ties, shirts and suits at Macy's is amazing - also available in Trump Tower lobby."
"I'm doing The David Letterman Show tonight -should be interesting!"
"@GenaLeeNolin   Great - call me, we'll get you on!"
"Great piece on Extra tonight re. Celebrity Apprentice!"
"Good Morning America weather headline for U.S. - ""NEVER ENDING COLD"""
"@JoelKrautter   Very good Joel!"
"I will be tweeting live tonight during Celebrity Apprentice - 9 o'clock on NBC!"
"Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - some amazing things happen!"
"@kumite67   Thanks Brian!"
"@CharlesRBennett   Thank you - a great compliment!"
"@realMikeShapiro   True Michael!"
"@philzentz     Thanks Phil!"
"Wow - they are really killing Jay Leno - let him go out with dignity!"
"Looks like the U.S. will be having the coldest March since 1996-global warming anyone?????????"
"@IanRambally   Great going!"
"Celebrity Apprentice on in 5 minutes on CNBC - it's great!"
"Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC tonight at 9."
"@c_hanson800   Hi Chris!"
"But @mcuban is physically weak, he has no clubhead speed or game!"
"@dennizenx   Thanks!"
"@Doyle5sMom  Thanks!"
"@niecey911logan  Thanks!"
"@BillDaley1   True!"
"WHO IS GOING TO GET IRAQ'S OIL???????"
"Bombings all over Iraq today.That country is falling apart-such a horrible waste of lives and 1.5 trillion dollars (and I told you so!)."
"@JackVoices   You are correct, but he is so easy!"
"@mcuban is very short off the tee - and his basketball sucks also!"
"Golf match? I've won 18 Club Championships including this weekend. @mcuban swings like a little girl with no power or talent. Mark's a loser"
"@KatySutherland6   Great!"
"@byoppjr   We just blew it up dummy!"
"@ArsenioHall    You were fantastic last night on Celebrity Apprentice - everybody loved you!"
"@DavidMcClain328    Thanks."
"@roannasweet  Not even close!"
"@bearmntn  But I like picking on losers!"
"@borland_jim  Great!"
"@kalevans    Great!"
"@DonaldJChump   Stupid, they tried that with The Benefactor and Mark went splat!"
"@roannasweet   Not even close, dopey!"
"@Cleggermeister  Thank you!"
"@ReederJosh   You are right, he is a total joke - his players laugh at him!"
"@dan_kir96  Dan, because I love beating lowlifes!"
"@HRdiva_NY  Thanks Tanja!"
"@babyguts666   Thanks!"
"Apprentice ratings doing great - easily won the 10 o'clock hour over other networks!"
"The tournament at Trump National Doral was much more exciting than what is going on now!"
"@ANNIKA59    Annika - Thanks, you are the GREATEST - We all adore you!"
"Best ratings for the Dateline show were for six months, not two months!"
"@DeViouSDoLL82 It's Endometriosis Awareness Month-176 million women suffer from this disease."
"Just won The Club Championship at Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach-lots of very good golfers-never easy to win a C.C."
"Last weeks Dateline, which I hosted, was the highest rated Dateline since January!"
"Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - GREAT EPISODE!"
"Wow-Record ratings for WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral's Blue Monster-Most watched in seven years. CONGRATS to@Tiger Woods"
"Huff Post ""His early morning speech drew a large crowd, far larger than remarks at the same time on Thursday"" and packed by end! The facts."
"Thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today - it's all about the truth!"
"I agreed to take the worst spot at CPAC because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time I could be there - it was great fun!"
"WHY CAN'T THE MEDIA TELL THE TRUTH - WE WOULD ALL BE SO MUCH BETTER OFF!"
"I watched Mark Cuban on Jay Leno last night - what a jerk!"
"Celebrity Apprentice will be rebroadcast tonight at 9 on CNBC."
"@kevconnorsespn. Great and good luck!"
"@paulteutulsr. Thanks Paul - we miss you!"
"How much is South Korea paying the U.S. for protection against North Korea???? NOTHING!"
"@melpoluk. Great"
"@kstan500. Good luck!"
"@joelalbright1. Great!"
"@sadatDM. Thanks."
"Go to Trump National Doral, Miami, and watch Tiger, Phil, Ernie, Rory and all of the other great players compete in The WGC Cadillac Champ!"
"I don't know why but I feel so sorry for dummy reporter John Heilemann when I watch him on television."
"John Heilemann, the lightweight reporter begging to be on@morning joe, looks like a timebomb waiting to explode-he's a nervous and sad mess!"
"@foyt4timewinner. Thanks!"
"I will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. this morning."
"Losers and haters,even you, as low and dumb as you are, can learn from watching Apprentice and checking out my tweets-you can still succeed!"
"Losers and haters are invited to watch Celebrity Apprentice along with the many great and productive people in the hope that you will learn."
"I will be live tweeting during the Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M.  Also will be hosting Dateline just prior to Apprentice at 8 P.M."
"@AllenWronowski. Allen and Gail - you will like it - see you both soon!"
"Everybody wants to see and talk to Dennis Rodman - he will be on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9."
"@Dattan78. Thanks!"
"@jennyfromnexus.  Great advice!"
"@JBoyle007. True and thanks John!"
"Really bad article about me in the dying (or dead) Esquire Magazine. Totally false - lots of hatred. When will this boring magazine close?"
"@splinter48708.  Thanks."
"@RichDeLeo. Thanks Rich."
"@juicetucker. Thanks Matt."
"@Peace_Janise. Thanks Janise!"
"@MathemagicianUK. Thanks."
"Is Chris Jackson as dumb as I hear - but I still like that he follows me like a good little soldier!"
"@vin7768. Thanks Vincent!"
"@BILLIONIRV.  Thanks for the nice words Irv!"
"@KHarmDD59. Thanks Kevin.Trump Doral will soon be the best in the U.S."
"@lmward7. Thanks."
"@scottybuoy13. Thanks!"
"Remember, Bill Maher praised the animals who took down the World Trade Center and was fired by ABC. DROP@HBO until dopey Bill is canned!"
"@dgibson120. GREAT!"
@jostephan
"Everyone should cancel HBO until they fire low life dummy Bill Maher!  Get going now and feel good about yourself!"
"@K9Koda. Thank you - very nice (and true)!"
"Joseph Kennedy is really being used by Venezuela and Hugo C. in oil commercial!"
"I am happy that ""The Job"" on CBS, the 16th. knockoff of the Apprentice, was just cancelled. I love to see my opponents lose (not nice)!"
@saphoros
"By popular request,  I will be live tweeting during Celebrity Apprentice (Sunday 9 P.M.)."
"Thanks Matthew!"
"It is going to be a long and tough road to turn around CNN - they are looking at the wrong people!"
"Erin Burnett, who has no ratings on CNN in prime time, now wants more money to move to the morning slot. @CNN should say ""no way""."
"Thank you - so nice."
"Heading over to@Kelly and Michael re. Apprentice!"
"Just did Howard Stern Show-great time. Now doing The Today Show with Ivanka. ENJOY!"
@KarsynSharp
@JaylonSeales
"@HoppMar. Great and thanks."
"Will be on Howard Stern at 6.45 A.M. and the Today Show at 8.00 A.M."
"I'll bet Jimmy Fallon gets great ratings tonight!"
"Jimmy Fallon show will be great tonight - I'm on!"
"Why does@ Bill O'Reilly keep putting Karl Rove on his show-a total waste of time. Rove spent $400, 000, 000 and didn't win a race-pathetic!"
"On Jimmy Fallon tonight."
"@NewYorkATM. Thanks."
"@Keval_Camden. Thanks."
"@DeasWorld. Thanks."
"@RockShannon108. Thanks."
"@reidtruuu. Great!"
"@teaparty321. My honor!"
"@mike121z. No!"
"The United States better address China's exchange rate before they steal our country and it is too late! China is laughing at us."
"@RamiroDamil. Thanks."
"@whalinn5. No but thanks."
"@Jorkellett. Interesting and thanks."
"@MJGrilliot. Thanks."
"@turrizal. Thanks."
"@TheOnlyCdorsey. Thanks."
"Shark Tank is a dead Friday night filler compared to the Apprentice which has been number one show for week in the T. V. ratings!"
"@paul1994loan. Thanks."
"@David18Graham. Thanks David."
"@FL_RichieRich. Great."
"@Arjuwan. Great and thanks."
"@5thmcfly. In April - thanks."
"I'll be doing Fox and Friends this morning at seven."
"I've had enough of this - good night!"
"Jane Fonda and Michael Douglas look great!"
"The Oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty?"
"Sorry, I never went bankrupt and don't wear a wig (it's all mine)!"
"Anne Hathaway is a good winner!"
"@ScottFlakne. Thanks Scott."
"Lincoln never sounded like that!"
"Shirley B did a very good job singing Goldfinger! Not easy."
"Very tacky set!"
"Django Unchained is the most racist movie I have ever seen, it sucked!"
"You are right-more like the opening of the Tonys."
"I don't like the opening even a little bit!"
"How do you like Seth and Oscars so far?"
"Here we go with the Oscars!"
"@alexleiser33. Thanks Alex."
"@MKasun. Thanks."
"@wobby_sobby wow Timmy;thanks.."
"Dummy goAngelo, keep letting people know how great my shirts, ties and cufflinks (also Success) are at Macy's.The BEST-now everyone's aware!"
"Come on goAngelo, don't give up now just because your ""rally"" at Macy's drew only eleven people for twenty minutes! I love@ Macy's."
"By popular demand, I will be tweeting on the very tainted Academy Awards tonight!"
"Why didn't movie Lincoln use Ford's Theater for big scene instead of the stage of an unrelated theater?"
"Big response to my Tea Party statement-remember they were never fully energized by Romney campaign and will have far more power with time."
"Republicans better start listening to and respecting the Tea Party!"
"@BeaumontAnthony. Next Sunday!"
"@farm_mom. True."
"I hope Oprah gives Lance Armstrong 100 million dollars because that's what that ridiculous interview will cost him!"
"@japotter81. It will be great."
"@ringalenegotti. Thanks."
"@BillWhiteNY. Thanks Bill!"
"@RifenburgTweets. Thanks."
"@TheCrystaShow. Thanks Crysta!"
"@robertgwinjr. I hope so!"
"I will be on@gretawire tonight at 10 P.M. Now I know she will get great ratings!"
"Lance Armstrong is now being sued by Fed Govt-what was he thinkking?"
"@JoeQuinn6. Thanks Joe."
"@Shopgirlusa. Good idea."
"@MandasueHeller. A Hall."
"Drew Peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife - bring back the death penalty!"
"@Jamyawh. Thanks, great."
"@trooper0017. Thanks."
"@SandyOgg1. Thanks Sandy."
"@lp084. Thanks."
"@MegaLouise88. O.K. write me."
"@jennymorris427.  Thanks Jenny."
"@ff3476. Great."
"@InNovember2012. Thanks."
"@AndeyR. Thanks Andey."
"@AndreaMoorehous. Thanks."
"@Katt8808. Thanks K."
"@RobertSuppa. Thanks"
"@Yolie4MS. Loser!"
"@alan_liljegren. Thanks Alan."
"@michaellunsford. Thanks Michael."
"@RothsteinTravis.  Art of the Deal."
"@Maybach_Zach. Thanks."
"@michaellunsford. Thanks."
"@chrisbarno. Great Chris."
"@sufiology. Thanks."
"@MichaelRubinton. Thanks."
"@LivesayRobin. Thanks."
"Wow, Macy's numbers just in-Trump is doing better than ever - thanks for your great support!"
"@OnMyLevelLopez. That's why you're a failure!"
"@jschwab2. Thanks."
"@RickyTheBitch. Thanks."
"@FrankMDavisJR. Thanks."
"@zachcb1. Thanks."
"@sebspikes. Thanks."
"@MissyNewman12. Thanks."
"@marksrink. A toy next to The Apprentice -  just a friday fill in!"
"@CATHCO9. Thanks."
"@piersmorgan. Thanks Piers, you helped make it so!"
"@tonytan0.  Thanks Tony."
"THE APPRENTICE. - 10 years, 182 shows - many at number one for week or night -Amazing! @NBC"
"@America4RandR.  Thanks!"
"@Barbaric_Yawwp.  Sadly, it's worthless!"
"@mldemmons.  Go Angelo failed and gave up - now wants more p.r.  - loser!"
"@LoadedNightclub. Thanks."
"@MrMokelly.  Dopey, nobody is laughing at me!"
"@ilevitan.  Number one rated hotel in Toronto--and getting even better!  Best wishes."
"@SHANEDIESEL777.  Thanks."
"@mrstuckerx.  Thanks."
"@Diego_Arria.  I hear you are doing great! Take care of yourself."
"Jerry Buss was a great guy and friend. He will be missed!"
"@TJKnox8.    Thanks."
"@SucioGato.  Thanks."
"@gwhitttttton.  Thanks!"
"I am surprised that Hugo Chavez can keep power in his weak physical condition!"
"I said gas prices would sky rocket after election - Opec payback!"
"@erinstockwell.  Thanks."
"@marissanail25.  Thanks"
"Great going."
"@RuRu_89 thanks"
"@rosscooker thanks"
"Thanks @SherriEShepherd 4 your nice comments today on The View. U were terrific!"
"Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!"
"Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better!"
